what problems do you have? i can definitely relate to that.
could you tell me a little bit more about what happened?
do you have classes you've really wanted to do?
is there any opportunity that i can help you with?
it is good that you feel that you can reach out for one. i think you are doing the best you can to find the correct solution!
i am sure it is a long process for a counselor to find a teacher who is capable of teaching, but who has a sense of pride and determination.
i feel you, there are so many people who need professional help. in fact, if you are feeling a lot better, try to reach out to a friend or a tutor or some other counselor who could help, even if you aren't familiar with those few schools.
what about the one you can't go to?
that is great that you gave your decision a thought. i know you can do it, i will keep my fingers crossed. do you have any other concerns?
no problem, i hope i have been of some help to you this evening.
bye : ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
so you feel as though it has made you feel isolated and the person you work with is not even aware of the situation?
if your job is very difficult, i'm afraid you're not the only one facing this. is there a job you can remote work at, like a supervisor?
that sounds like it could be some trouble for everyone.
that sounds very forth of course, and i think it would be worth speaking with the coworker.
i have often struggled with a corule like that.
if the employee is good enough, hr can help with advice. do you think your manager would be willing to help her if the employee is not only on her side, she is also correct in her assumption?
i think that you should talk with the manager in a civil way, not assuming that you can't do it yourself.
can you tell them about it? that might help too
do you think it's possible for someone like your manager to help you in a negative way?
i don't think that's really true, would you consider calling the manager?
hi there! i'm sask how are you today?
wow that's terrible! it's such a bad situation, that your friend lied to you about how much you were paid.
what made him have a cut? did he lie?
i understand it is very hard to be in that kind of situation. does it sound like you can keep an open mind? i have found that going to a similar situation helps me too.
i'm really sorry you had to go through that.
how do you think that will play out? how can i help you?
i had to put my roommate's husband's contract in place because i couldn't tolerate his moneyless; that's what we did. he felt he was being assulted and " i should be glad that he didn't break up ".
what do you think? or have a shared google drive where you both put all the information relevant to the development and marketing?
yeah, thank you for asking. that's a good point about the cost of putting in contract over things in place. do you think it's important to save money by using the google drive option?
hello.. how are you today? it's nice to meet you.
do you want to talk about it? please let me know what the problem is! i am here to help!
i am so sorry to hear that! you feel that you are better off than you think, but what do you think you can do to take the good with the bad?
it must be very frustrating for you as you are supposed to be trying to get a job by. so you are a customer who doesn't want to work your job or have to deal with your covid conflicts. does this sound accurate?
is there a way to talk to your boss about that grievance?
i am really happy that you have been able to reach out, i know it can be a very difficult time to walk away from a bad situation.
i understand that being a young manager is extremely difficult and is very difficult to make sure people understand.
it is completely normal to feel a little uncomfortable with your position. i'm sure you have made great choices.
i am sure it will be fine. it sounds like you have a lot on your plate right now and i think that all the positive news is new knowledge that you will not have in the long run.
yes, i have used a tool like that before. i have been frustrated that i have had to switch from playing games to something more creative when i was working as a short term gig. i was able to learn how to do both.
i am glad to hear that. hope everything goes well for you and i hope that you have a great job and i'm sure that you will get one soon.
oh thats great, anything else i can help you with today?
also, meditation has helped me a lot, it is one of the tools that i found to help me get through my season.
it is great you are taking care of your family. is that something that you could do?
thats great! anything else i can help with?
i am glad i was able to help you through this. we will always work together in this new year to make the world a better place.
i am glad i could be of some help. i believe you have a great attitude and that is all that matters. have a great day.
bye!!!!!!!!!!
that's tough. i've had these issues before, and i found that it helped me too.
i am sure that you will be able to. it is tough sleeping in. have you tried an app that allows you to refresh the page with your phone and computer?
i watched a program for your body which was in focus and increased intensity before sleeping
i would follow a few youtube videos like crossed fingers, set my bike, get a good headlamp, take a walk, listen to music, etc... the hardest part was getting my stomach and going to sleep.
if you work at home do you have a gym, even if you work in one place at night then you can do things like that.
reading, cvtering, yoga and yoga will make you feel better in the morning.
i have found that breathing exercises help me go to sleep because i relax easier than i am thinking about breathing.
this might be a little late but i believe in you.
i am sure you will see the difference in few days after trying these... i am sure you will see the difference in few days after trying these..
yes i slept well but in addition to tht some things that can help you sleep, yoga, breathing and even getting your mind off of what you are doing helped too.
why did you think you had sleep problems? is it something that you'd like to discuss?
well im doing good. was there anything i can help you with today?
oh okay, so you feel that you want to live a more fulfilling life because you're not looking for emotional support?
can you do another job until you find a higher paying job?
that is a good idea. would you be prepared to take something out of your usual field if you have other talents?
maybe there is something like an online support system where you can learn from your mistakes and help people who might not be very good at their jobs. maybe even online or indeed support centers.
maybe work on your resume in another field to create a career line?
if you have a gig anywhere near you that is not super confusing you could look at working in a factory or one of those sorts of jobs.
some companies offer free training courses for free and that might be your problem as i know most employers take free courses from work.
i was once good with english, but my sister took some courses and i could not figure out what to do.
i think you need to take some classes if you are interested in programming at all
i am sorry to hear that. i really think the pandemic is affecting everyone right now. you have done your best to succeed. have you considered looking for temporary work for now?
i understand that covid is frustrating to get in the habit of making sure you get what you're looking for. i've actually done that myself.
hello, hello! what's on your mind?
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm here if you need anything.
so this is an extended friendship, right? how long has this been going on for?
yes, i can definitely feel how anxious you are. can you tell me what your options are?
i wouldn't say that you can't communicate with her, but you should ask her why she doesn't hang out with her friends. this would be the best way to distance yourself from her. it's important for people to understand how you feel.
that is a tough spot to be in. have you tried speaking to her about it and if so, could you express it to her?
i think you're not giving up on her completely.
maybe you can begin by speaking with her as a friend? it's worth a try. do you have friends or family you could talk to? it might help with your anxiety and stress.
i think distance yourself for a bit, and seeing how much your husband is making you feel would be a great way to show that you truly care for him. you should be proud of how long he seems to love you.
you are welcome. have a good day. you seem like a very kind person.
hi, hello! how are you feeling today? how can i help?
that makes sense. do you have an employer available who can guide you through schedule studies?
have you been looking for jobs for awhile? how much do you think that will cost?
it sounds like you want to be a good excel spinner and a programmer. does that sound right?
there are a bunch of assignments that you have to complete in order to reach your resume
oh i see, so you are being asked for help and not your academics.
in a way, you just need to think positively and believe in yourself
do you want to discuss the thesis with me or someone else today?
yes definitely. i've recently started to take the classes again and i really enjoy them. it is helpful to have some comfort in a mentor.
your welcome. thank you for allowing me to help.
you're welcome. i hope it all goes well for you.
a question i'm having is you can tell me a little more about that. can you tell me?
i'm here in the uk. i didn't see the summer coming very far away.
i've been surprised how much i love the new version of corona.
thats good that you are feeling more comfortable with the new version of corona.
i am kind of scared of this too.. but i think it will help a lot.
the vaccine works on everyone so i would think that is safe as well. however, if you are worried about getting other things into your system that may cause problems, i would be concerned too.
they seem to have a lot more information on the side. it is a new thing that has gotten popular during the holidays..
i have been trying to develop a new strategy in that this pandemic has been very difficult for me. it is really difficult to keep up with the new news, as it has been difficult for many people
you are welcome. i wish you all the best!!
thank you. i hope that i can be of some help to you as well.
hi, i'm doing well. how can i help you?
how do you feel? can you tell me more about it?
i see. i feel you're having a difficult time with your college career. that's not the best way to handle it. but i can feel how you're feeling. you're trying very hard and looking for ways to help.
i'm not really sure what i would do if i were in your shoes. are you currently working in a company that cares for you? if not, is it a big career?
yes, i have. i thought about getting an arbanoid degree, but that wasn't my dream. i now work in software development and mainly work with structural engineering. i definitely want to go back to school though. the idea of creating waste makes me cringe.
you seem like a really intelligent person! it sounds like you've got a great head on your shoulders for the job.
have you talked to your therapist about this? it's tough to come up with strategies and ideas and then you're not able to do it, but we can just do it, right? it's okay to be nervous at times!
i think that you have every right to be nervous. as long as you are passionate about your major, you can't get back into that which is why you can't just sit there and gloat about it without feeling like you are handling the situation well. i know that can be frustrating.
that's exactly what i thought! if you haven't already, what kind of things do you want to do in your life? do you have any hobbies that you can use to create a new job?
so your feeling that you are unsatisfied with your work due to your boss losing interest, is that correct?
do you think your boss will accept the offer of leave or that your boss is fired?
have you ever felt that way? ihave you considered coping with a tight race that works well for you?
i understand how you feel. i am having a hard time staying faithful to my job, too.
are you considered self employed? have you considered a co worker or a trusted friend or partner who might be able to assist you with your own work or you would work from home?
that is a very good point.. i see that it is not your fault. and there is no shame in it.
so do you think that maybe you could put it into a job search?
i went to a terrible college but i had the strength to make it through my studies. do you have siblings?
there's hope for you. have you looked into the search for another job after your master's?
i know that in the end, it will be easier to get in because your career now is more important than any job you were doing.
i would suggest speaking to your boss on a close personal level. try to keep in touch with his emotions, maybe give him some credit and say he might not be getting very close to you because of this.
i think you're right. but he has become extremely difficult to handle during this pandemic, as you know. you already know that you're not all happy, and you're not sure that you deserve any sort of equal rights or support.
hello you! hello, how are you today? how can i help you today?
that sounds like it can be frustrating. when i've been feeling this way, i also found focusing on myself a lot too.
that is great! what have you been doing that has motivated you to write?
i'm sorry to hear that! you sound very dedicated. have you tried exercising to clear your head? i know you can do it!
what do you normally do? is it something that is in your control of your mind or do you stay outside a lot?
if you have a night plan and study about setting boundaries and staying in bed for as long as possible, it will keep you engaged.
did he lose his job? it is also pretty common to find that a job you love doesn't reward you much as much as a new one. i am more of an email / chat person.
do you think there might be some depression or other similar issues you may have with your ex like the covid diagnosis?
sounds like you are more motivated for something than you'd otherwise be. the only thing that might help is finding a more routine time for yourself to relax, which is a great first step.
yeah, when we have a really bad day or the pandemic is already pretty tough. it's a really scary time of year because of it and when it first started i felt the same way.
no problem! i've been wanting to tell you all the tips i could to try and make you feel better.
okay i hope it all works out for you and your uncle
hi, hello, how are you doing? what would you like to talk about?
ok! what has your problem been? please tell me.
i'm sorry to hear that. do you think that she would be happy if you spent more time with her
yes have you explain to her that you have no problem coming out of covid with your friend and stop having to work all the time.
i would suggest you talk to her about this with her, and maybe make plans for lunch
that is just her 2021 and she has to stop putting up with you
no that will hurt her more than it will you : )
i know you will feel better if you do that, but i will suggest you to spend your own time doing it now.
i would agree with you, that is a horrible thing to do
yes, but she will understand if you tell her how you feel
i can't think of any, can you, you can go to her house and make time for yourself if you feel like that
i would try to think of ways to spend time with your friends and family. it might help to go for a walk or somewhere quiet, or even in a park. hang out in public or run by the park, that will help
maybe spend more time with work or keeping yourself occupied with other things
that's a pleasure : ) i wish you all the best
you too! take care : ) keep pushing it!
i am sorry to hear that! what do you mean by losing your job?
that's very tough. if they really want to get back into business, a ) it's probably best for everyone to find something else, b ) not use unemployment. if you can, try looking online and looking for employment openings.
i understand the frustration of being stressed out over losing a job. what do you think the future holds in your life?
i have had experience with therapy and in the past i was in a similar situation. i enjoyed that i was able to deal with myself.
that sounds like a great idea. it is great that you feel like you've reached out and expressing your feelings to the right people.
i hope that i have been able to be of help to you. i would not let this out because i feel that you are doing the right thing by reaching out to a crisis hotline and reaching out via a chat might help.
i would recommend reaching out to your local job department and asking for help there as they can help when you need it. they might have some information on resumes for the same field as the job you are currently seeking. they are quite useful in the job market and your resume will provide a lot of insight into your skills.
you're very welcome. you need to be strong to do this and get into position and find a new job quickly.
i'm sure that you will find something. what i would recommend if you think you would be able to apply for a new job is look into online hiring strategies. many companies will offer help in that aspect of their job, sometimes even just a walk in the park.
you are most welcome. i am glad you feel better. good luck.
you have a great rest of your day as well. have a wonderful day and goodbye!
no problem, i can't wait for the rest of your session.
could you press quit and go to an end? at the end?
bye. hope i helped you. have a good rest of your day!
hi there, how are you doing today? anything else i can help you with today?
are you in a good enough situation to go through the steps to seek support?
i am sorry to hear that. can you tell me what is so bad about it?
can you tell me what caused you to lose your job?
i would suggest looking for a second job or through employment agencies such as linkedin or unemployment. in my opinion, i would reccomend looking for work now, but try your hardest to find work while you can.
do you know that some businesses provide uber driver service for free? i know a lot of people do.
you are not alone in feeling this way. i have gone through a similar situation. i am sure that you are not alone in feeling this way. i will certainly encourage you to stay positive and do your best to not take it out on others. i know that i am the outpatient version of you, though.
i know that you could possibly hire online, given the interest and risks of the job. you might even find something that is potential for you to get into.
i think that is a good start, i would definitely look for those too. also, you will be sure to be able to find a job quickly if you look on linkedin, they are one of the most good looking sites.
your welcome. have a good one. may i ask what industry you are in?
of course. best of luck to you and i wish you the best of luck!
you're welcome! good luck! i wish you all the best!
hi nicholas, nicholas. i am really sorry to hear that. i am doing okay, thanks for asking.
i think you need to get yourself some sleep before bed, especially during a day. it can be hard during the day.
what are some of your daily activities that you do while you sleep?
hmm. it seems to me like you could be a family physician. would you say something like covid therapy for your anxiety?
well, it sounds like you have an amazing body and mind. does it sound like this body might be more tired and depressive?
i'm more than happy to provide help! you sound prepared for an above normal situation! it sounds like you are trying to get past your discomfort by exercises. have you thought about making your own routine?
yeah, i have found walking is great for me to... because the scenery is so beautiful.
i know it's not easy, but i believe it might be helpful to get some sort of sleep rule.
can you get a study group to help you get through your days?
i have also used a few different podcasts but they have helped me personally relax. i wish you the best.
i would definitely recommend other resources than exorising. they can help with sleep improvement and other things.
i think you could also try meditation by google and their dark teachings.
anything to help you. are you able to press quit or take a punch for the timer?
you are most welcome. have a wonderful night!!
what type of things are you spending your energy on?
thanks you as well!!! : ) i hope you have a nice night!
what's going on? is there any particular problem that is causing you a lot of distress?
i understand that must be very difficult. what were your close friends thoughts?
oh i'm sorry you lost a close friend. is this recent, or has he only had a few months to pass away?
i've had close friends pass away before. it has been rough when we are having to leave for work but i know you can do it!
what type of thoughts are you having? do you have a close friend close to you?
that sounds very understandable. what is causing the alarm sound that you are trying to hear?
that does sound like a scare. have you thought about talking to a doctor? that can also be helpful.
if it makes you feel any better, i have had a similar experience with a family member and have seen this happen before.
have you tried discussing this with your friends and tell them how you're feeling?
that is a very scary position to be in. have you ever considered seeking professional help?
it might be helpful to get a onist and stay calm and start doing yoga.
good, good luck! and remember, that things are never too far away!
how are, how are you today??? is there anything i can do to make you feel better?
would you like to go to college again? i know how hard it can be to get a pass, but it can definitely help!
i think i can help you with that - is the first exam on top of your academics, or will you be out of academic probation until then?
well, i know it's tough this semester, but try to prepare for the worst.
it's nice to talk to you! i hope that i have been able to help you!
i feel that it is important that you have a good understanding of the world and the importance of education. i'm sure that you'll do great at school and hopefully graduate soon.
i'm glad that you are done with school. you are actually learning about a topic of interest that you enjoy, it sounds like you are learning a lot about your study for finals. it sounds like you deserve a scholarship. do you have to finish the classes?
let me address this by explaining : you could not do that. you did not attend a college. you were stuck at the college for three weeks straight.
i am happy to hear that. you are very intelligent and can definitely do this!
it is completely understandable that you would want to take online courses when you are not feeling emotionally and mentally secure. but don't try to compare yourself to someone who has two kids. you are doing everything you can to improve your mental health.
you can do it! you sound dedicated. keep you head up and take care of yourself!
you can also drop some of your classes to teach at home.
can you tell me what is going on? what do you feel is missing mturk?
is he missing you emotionally? is he okay with you saying he isn't attracted to you?
do you have any friends or family that you can talk to?
that must be exhausting. do you feel that you are not being enough?
i had to get some counselling to deal with some of the same issues.
that is interesting, the sensitivity food test did not give you a specific advice on diet or exercise. i feel that all that i could offer would be very helpful for you.
you can try a program called quibbling and they are great. they are free.
yes, i found that eating something small helped a lot for staying fit.
there are some groups who specialize in changing children for healthy transition situations. do you have a support system for your siblings to advocate for you in the future?
try to take a step back and have a serious talk with him about both your feelings and why you want to move to one place.
does your boyfriend need a tutor? maybe he can give you a call at your home or at home so you're not occupied.
hello, hello, how are you doing today? what is it that's making you feel this way?
what do you think is causing your anxiety about it?
why do you think that? i am not here to argue it
that sounds like a big issue. you are worried about everyone else?
so you feel you are being gloated? please explain
might i suggest suggesting that you at least try to focus more on your politics and make sure that they don't drive you crazy?
do you feel that she is trying to reason and gain closure? i do sometimes it helps me too.
do you think there might be some way to think that her being upset with you about trump's win didn't make her upset?
it would probably help her. especially if it was before she took a breath.
do you want to share the reason for her side with me?
thanks. it's good to hear that you're feeling better about things.
bye. bye. bye. : ) hope you feel better now.
hello, hello! how are you? how can i help you?
i'm sorry to hear that! what's going on?
that is extremely difficult! i am sorry to hear that. it is really tough and i'm very sorry to hear that you're having to break up with your boyfriend. what do you think will make you feel better?
it sounds like you are going through a very difficult time. have you thought about any other problems at all?
that's totally normal. i was in a relationship with my partner and i tried to get over it with others, but it didn't work out. i found that making new friends helps me process and fix things.
that sounds like a very controlling relationship. has your fiancé spoken to you about the reasons for the breakup?
i think it is tough. i've also had a problem like that before. money can be a source of hurt for you, so that has been hard.
unfortunately, i can't think of any other options. it's really not an option that i can recommend that will work.
okay. how are you doing today? what is going on?
you are welcome. that is what we are here for.
you are most welcome. is there anything else i can help you with today?
best wishes! i hope this all works out for you.
i'm sorry to hear that, what's frustrating about it?
i understand what you're saying. what seems to be the problem?
have you mentioned that you are frustrated about not knowing the results? or that your boss is not allowing you to start the work?
do you have a ta or a tutor you can talk to about this?
i understand completely. have you tried talking to your professor about it? it sounds like they might be able to help you get the results you wanted.
what really helped me was to try and watch my favorite tv shows, movies, to have a good book with me and try to fit in each episode, then i'd slowly get myself started, and then it might be a better fit.
yes, it seems to help a lot of people. do you have any hobbies?
are you wanting to go to therapy for your anxiety?
sure - i didn't know that. but just know that there is a thing called group therapy : )
i really wish you all the best with the result : )
you're welcome! : ) i hope you are able to connect with some of the people you've been talking to today!
unfortunately, this has been an ongoing issue and it appears to have not been completely resolved.
you're welcome! hope that i can help you, and i hope you have a great day!
i'm sorry to hear that. is there anything you're going through that makes you feel depressed?
is there anything specifically that caused you to break up?
i'm sorry to hear that, that's hard. do you have anyone that you can talk to that can be helpful for you?
i have been trying very hard to make myself feel happy. how long have you been together?
have you thought about reaching out for help with that?
that sounds like it would be really hard for you to talk to anyone about it, and i'm really sorry to hear that.
what do you mean by quarantine together? you're the one who got the break up?
did you go over time during quarantine with your girlfriend to encourage you to keep engaged?
what are some of your favorite things to do? i think the isolation from your family might be helpful for you too.
do you think that perhaps you're missing something?
thank you, you're welcome. have a great day!
no problem! is there anything else i can help you with?
you can pick up on the red flags and worry about your future self rather than the future relationship.
and from the few messages we've exchanged it's clear you are mature and caring. it seems that you are taking what is best for yourself and opening up to people to express their feelings and let them express their feelings to you. so it seems like a positive thing that you are open to these sorts of things!
i understand that feeling of uncertainty. what do you think you can do?
i think you should give it at least a year before you feel you have to rush into it again.
you too, i can't wait to go on this holiday season
hello you! good afternoon, how are you? have a great day!
why can't you finsh your studies? is it due on a certain date or will you be available in the evening?
oh. so you must be frustrated about your exams.
just try your hardest to study for the exams and when you feel like it pass then think about you doing your best on your exams and then come back
then you need to be confident about your studies then you fell better
i can tell you it is ok you can succeed try that
i have to end now but will you get in the next step
your tests will become easier and your grades will increase because of it
you need to be confident with your abilities. because you lost your classes
not pass it because you are behind on your exam but your work matters for study
with 3 hours of classes, you will be pretty good
you're welcome! goodbye! : ) best of luck
hi, hello, how are you doing today? how can i help you today?
how may i help you tonight? what's going on?
yes, that is scary. i'm sure you will pass it in the end.
yes, i loved it. i took the classes in college too. how long have you been taking honors class?
i'm sure you will do well. have you tried to go to class with other students, like some of my friends? maybe there's a professor available you could study with?
are you doing well in other classes or are you focusing on everything else?
what about you? do you have a friend or other family near you that is struggling with a similar subject or is anyone in your classes?
can you call up any other student a joining you? you can get in touch with a student counselor who can give you more help at your campus. you can ask for a tutor as you learn.
for starters, remember it's very uncommon to have to bring a test online. you're going to be embarrassed.
what do you think you can do about this? if you are not sure if it's worth the effort, maybe you can try to find another tutor or tutor coordinator who could possibly help in this difficult time of year.
yes that's a great idea! a test of confidence can definitely help too, and i think that a test to prepare for is something that you might be able to gain with studying.
i believe in you. you are a perfect person! you will do great.
good luck to you as well! you're welcome!
how are you feeling this week? can you tell me a little while what is going on?
do you think that you will be able to prepare enough?
i know, it's a real challenge, but it's worth it!
that sounds rough. did your doctor say that you could avoid the nausea and brown tea? i know it's very bad for your body, but i've found that during the morning, i've turned my top down and tried to breathe in a little bit more than that to relax.
i understand! it sounds like this has been a bad time for a lot of people.
that's great! i have tried to take small walks in my area of town to make myself more independent.
then it sounds like you have a good plan! i hope you get a rest of your paper and it's even better than the last time.
i believe in you! take care of yourself! and i know you will do great!
that's wonderful. you feel good about yourself. what do you think about covid and prozac?
i think you should look into finding a bit of a public speaking class at school to connect with other students.
wow that's great that you still have them! i wish you all the best!
what happened? is there something going on with your life?
what makes them difficult? i'm glad to hear you're doing well in these trying times.
do you have any other questions or concerns? i understand exactly what you're saying.
do you have any family who lives with you? maybe this could give you some outlet.
that's a great idea, i think that will be a really good fit for you. i bet it'll be a lot easier when things start moving
have you looked into any support groups? even text? you sound like a very good listener and have a great handle on how to cope with stress.
i know there's a lot going on in our lives right now. so if you're on break for winter break i'm sure you're definitely not doing that well.
oh yes, i know how stressful that can feel. i'm sure you've been managing well at your school.
i'm glad to hear that. things have definitely changed in the last few weeks.
i'm so glad to hear that. how long have you been studying?
happy holidays!!!!!!!!!!
no, it's my family and my girlfriends. i've reached out to many people online for help. it's been great chatting with you!
thank you! you're welcome. have a great holiday season!
hopefully everything will work out and then we will be back to normal again.
you are welcome, i am doing my best. how are you feeling today?
i am sorry to hear that. what's going on?
i'm sorry to hear that! i'm not an expert, but i'm hoping i can be of some help to you.
that is understandable. what have you done to retrain your skills or find something you really enjoy doing?
that is up for searches through some community groups such as political xlives or locally - based xamerican services. i am sure there are plenty of churches offering these services in some places.
do you have family members who have suffered from the same things you have?
that's not fair, you should try to try talking to your friends!
it could also help to check out youtube videos of people in similar situations that you would normally experience. i personally have been in that situation as well.
no but i know a few people who have lost jobs.
thanks! yes it is a bit scary but it is great that you were able to get a new one quickly.
that is always a good idea! i have been to interviews before too. do you have a job, are you confident you can apply?
i am glad that i was able to help you. have a good night
your welcome. you're welcome. it was nice talking to you.
you too! : ) may i ask, how many times have you submit yours?
i hope everything goes well with you and best wishes to you
are you at the place you're most comfortable right now?
i know there is a great deal of the info out there but i'm sure you'd like to help out with what you can!
did you talk to your doctor about this? the first thing you should do is take patient account and take precaution.
i can understand how anxious and anxious you are. most people are feeling this way. it is hard for everyone to trust a lot of things, even health care.
do you have someone you can talk to about these things? if not, i recommend making a plan to clear the air with your partner.
maybe going through the ets and hour of dinner, lunch and dinner, getting some exercise and some exercise before going home?
we have always thought we should wear safety glasses for doors. this way, we can avoid entering doors by simply walking in.
i believe it is. it would be much less of a problem if i was able to reach out to that group.
i do hope that this will help you a bit and maybe allow you to gain some perspective, or find some balance, even if it seems very hurtful.
do you have a family member that's having a lot of issues?
have you considered doing surveys? you can find local differences in your level of change, so perhaps you can identify a bit about your personal, perhaps?
is there something else at your desk that is making you feel so much anger?
are you at all religious? i found that an extra few minutes would be good
maybe. things like support groups are really helpful. it takes a lot of courage and patience to take it slow in person.
everyone's opinions on things are similar. just try not to worry. the news is just media for people who feel that they have to do everything it can to be president.
you are very welcome. is there anything else i can help you with?
hi there, i am sorry to hear that you aren't doing well. would syou like to chat with me?
when would you like to talk about your feelings? any more questions?
when you are being respectful, what makes it worse when you are near your sweetheart?
i'm so sorry you went through this. you deserve better than to be angry at him.
i understand how you feel. i also can see how difficult it is for you. that's all we can really do, though, to let go of the anger. you must be very proud of yourself.
it's the worst! i can't tell you how angry she is about it. that is not good. i'm glad you can have a close minded daughter with you, though.
are there any good groups available for communication with her family?
nice! i believe that she does. i know that you need to remember that, you can't be angry at the little one but at least give it the courage to help them. it is important to have such strong support systems with your child and your friends.
okay, the chance of her getting to leave will be almost impossible and that the vaccine will have better options and will reduce our stress. it is great that you are sensible enough to seek support for your daughter.
merry christmas to you as well! : ). anything else i can help you with today?
you as well. good luck to you too! i hope that the situation improves for you, at least temporarily.
good luck to you too! : ) this whole situation is turning to ash.
are you having any issues that can be noticed through video or video chat - chat?
i am so sorry. this has been a very hard time for you. i know you are feeling hard.
have you tried to discuss this with him? or could you call a friend or family member to talk to?
that sounds incredibly frustrating. i can tell by this that you are a little bit anxious.
i understand how difficult it must be to just find a way to get to your parents house. but it sounds like your boyfriend has found a way to make it through this though!
do you live far away from your mom? this may be a good time to meet your mom?
that's a great idea! i know it can be very helpful! it's just that it's such a hard time right now, but once you are able to deal with it, you can start to see that there is something to help you.
i'm glad you are talking about it. it's so nice to get an understanding of the situation.
you too! i wish you a great day too. stay strong!
oh, i have never done that before. it was a nice time of year. would you like to tell me how it's treating you?
i see, how can i help you? can you share what your problem is?
just make sure you have the materials for the exams you've studied so you can study well in person.
ok, that makes sense... are there any prepared classes you can take to help you prepare for this sort of situation?
i understand, have you spoken to your professors about this?
that's a good point, covid will likely get much more politican" over time. it will only get worse if you don't do as well as you want. i think it's best to just take the time you need to succeed.
i think the zoom would be free! there are many online programs that are free and free, and the internet would be free too
are you able to connect with people by chatting through zoom?
you have time to think about that when you find out your network is gone.
you too, have a good night!!!!!
hello rob. how can i help? what caused you to be sad today?
i'm sorry to hear that. how may i help you?
i can understand why this would make you sad. i would be feeling the same way, especially with covid coming out.
it sounds like this has been an issue for a lot of people
can you talk about your feelings today? are you still there?
did he give any suggestions or options in the past for you?
you're very welcome! you're doing the right thing! i'm happy you are being supportive!
no problem, i wish you all the very best.
you too! thank you for the chat!!!!
what is troupe something that is making you sad?
if i may ask, why you feel embarrassed about food from food banks?
i'm so sorry that people have been giving you tough looks!
that makes sense! i would be afraid to use food banks, because that would cause my situation to plummet as well.
that is a very difficult situation to be in as you don't have the financial resources to support yourself financially. i am sorry to hear that, do you have any family to support you?
do you have family or friends to support? maybe a close family friend can also help as well
thank you for sharing your story with me! have a wonderful day.
i am so happy to hear that! is there anything else you would like to talk about?
i'm very happy to hear that. that is a really positive attitude to have. i'm glad you feel better about that.
your welcome. do you have family in your life that you could reach out to?
i'm sorry to hear that. i know it must be very difficult for you, and the circumstances are upsetting. the truth is there is always a solution.
it might help to apply to more jobs that can increase your chances of finding one. there are lots of options.
your welcome : ) thank you for talking and have a wonderful day : )
you too! : ) have a great day!!
i'm sorry to - what have you been doing?
how can i help you today? is there anything that's bothering you?
do you have any hobbies or things in your life that you normally do?
i'm here, thanks for asking. i know you're not alone.
you could always create new memories and memories of your kids during christmas time. i imagine they'd appreciate a little more of your help than they think!
maybe a journal or something? there are tons of online resource for free exchange where you can write down what you have made and share it with them.
maybe you could just do a small indulge with the fort, that would give your kids something to do and be more meaningful to them. if your daughter doesn't like the fort, it might be a good opportunity to end the holidays
that's a great idea. it's always good to take those rewards when you can.
you can always put them on a blackboard and then make them out of creatine that is in the box.
i think it would be fun to take out fun things that arent as fun as it looks on the inside, just look at the outside of the wall and then you know what!
that is so great. it will definitely help you feel a bit more right about the situation.
yes, it can feel hopeless but you got your idea and now you have a plan and what to put on your idea. the fact that you are aware that you don't want to give up on your kids and you know you can do it is so beautiful!
is there anything else i can help you with today?
what's on your mind today? what soon, right now?
why does your friend ignore you? is there something specific happening?
ah i see. can you tell me what's making her ignore you?
do you have any other friends who can lend a conversation?
how about you just click her and talk to her. she will likely understand.
you need to go with what is true. if you can try to make friendship with people who you do like, you will be able to meet new people and become more friends.
yeah you have a lot of friends because you don't need friends
i know you are feeling sad because you are so depressed so do not give up
do you want to chat again? i am here to help
thats what i think. it is good that you listen and its better to do that
ok that is why you can try doing this yourself.
you too. good bye. bye. good day.
hi there, how are you doing? are you still there?
hi there. what is the name of your family?
it seems like it's been a while since you've had that incident. is it something specific or just the incident with your friend?
what situation did you and your friend's friends directly engage in that behaviour?
i can identify as male, and i also have a son who did some unecessary fighting to earn money.
what do you think? what do you think it is?
what if you get more aggressive with them. sometimes it is better to just let it out and not respond.
are there any other things you can think about? maybe go to the gym or video chat with your grandchildren? i could encourage them to move on.
have you talked to her on social media? she might be able to see if you need to respond further when this happens.
are you able to talk to her about how you feel that she's making you feel?
just letting her know you're here is not going to make you feel any better, it's an hour later when you've made the call that she has to change her attitude. that is a very difficult situation to be in.
sounds like your feelings towards her don't really change. have you tried talking with her about this?
thank you! i hope things get better for you and your granddaughter!
thank you for the suggestion. i hope it helps.
what type of things are you having trouble with? is there any major thing that you're struggling with?
i see. so you are worried about your grades?
oh dear!! well, so you know your school parents won't make you miss home school?
did you go to school together? or in your home?
i have reached out to some people online and have suggested talking to them to get them to start doing something about it. is that something that you would want to do?
do you have other family members who could help you? maybe the teacher will see a problem there. i understand that it is difficult when you are so stressed
would you be willing to talk with a family member about it?
do you tell your friends what you think about this?
you may be feeling a little like a little girl right now..
are there any activities you enjoy doing? do you have a hobby?
if you like doing other activities, maybe you can learn something that you enjoy.
i have seen some messages from my parents that have made me question my moods and feelings.
what are some of the things you like to do in your spare time?
do you think that it might help if you explain to them why it would be intimidating for you to approach them? i am sure they will understand
good. i hope you are feeling better about it soon!
i am glad i could help! i hope you have a great day!
of course! i'm glad i could help!
hello, i am doing well support you from here. how are you doing today?
how long ago was it? it's natural for people to get dumped so you have a lot to focus on yourself right now
yeah i have been there, i was with a girl who left me and i actually broke up with her a week later.
right. the fact that you think other women pale in comparison to your gf shows how little you care about what happens on your end.
it might be time to find a new hobby. maybe new interests. take an occasional walk.
i have seen a similar pattern in my relationships. i have ended up spending too much time with my exes.
may also be helpful to think of the feelings of other women that you felt were the same.
thats something that might help with the stress you are going through.
that sounds like a great idea! do you have something you want to do on your own?
you're very welcome. i'm glad i could help.
how may i help you? im here to listen!
i am so sorry to hear that. there are a lot of people who are in your situation. what specifically is causing the problem?
it sounds like you are having a difficult time getting yourself out of bed.. would you feel more comfortable speaking to someone who is struggling with this?
well i'm glad that you're reaching out here to understand and appreciate what's going on with your family.
i'm sorry to hear about that. i'm not seeing very many covidinherit choices going on right now.
that's great that you are able to get some other activities done!
i can understand, that must be difficult, a lot of mental illness would also be overwhelming. what do you think?
i'm sure that you will have many more options when the time is right for you, thank you for reaching out.
well, it's great that you have your daughter's perspective on this and is willing to try new things to open up your own environment and maybe start to get involved with this new generation of family members.
thank you for your thoughtful comments, and wishing you all the best with your extra time!
you definitely need to take care of yourself, no need to feel guilty about it.
exercise is good! have you thought about getting new skills for the new year?
hello, hello, how are you doing today? are you good?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you feel like we could help a bit?
that's very understandable. have you guys talked about how it's affecting your life?
has there been any discussion about how you feel and why you're feeling isolated?
do you feel comfortable talking to anyone at all about this situation?
i understand what you're saying. it is very hard to move when your family lives so far away from you. having friends and family around for support is probably important. i know that i spend a lot of time isolating myself.
what is the hardest part? do you think it will get better soon?
it is hard to find that chance when things can only get worse.
that sounds like a great idea! i'm sure you've exhausted a lot of waiting times.
of course, thank you. you're welcome.
what is your problem exactly? did you lose the motivation to be more close to people?
yes, they most likely don't care anyway. that's fine that you feel that way though, they would rather care about you than your feelings.
is there any chance that perhaps you are trying to find out who is into you?
that is understandable. just feeling that this person has not spoken to you in forever can be annoying sometimes.
i'm not sure what you mean. do you not think you are cute and funny? what about them do you think you are cute and funny for?
sounds like they're disgusted at your ridiculousness. you must be somewhere in the office with a lot of people who don't like it. if they are not available to meet you i would suggest you try a little challenge. can you play games with the game?
what would be a great way to improve your profile and affect others though is by being open and open to all kinds of things. you would be surprised at how many people are being receptive to your interests!
yes, there are many groups that you can join in a local community. my suggestion would be to join a local therapy group such as online science, technology, and technology support groups that support groups like medicalorg.
yes, there are many. just google it. there are lots of great ideas out there like hobby clubs or covid boards.
can you get to know the manga or manga club and go and get involved?
may i suggest joining a friends group too. there are groups like that. they can usually be found in your city. do you have friends in the same city?
don't worry! i wish you the best in the future!
that is what most people are trying to do! if you don't get the result that you want, then you are more than welcome to leave.
i hope you will enjoy your time in the manga club!
is there a specific reason for it? or is it just something they are, and you are expressing yourself?
just one thing for me please, how old are they?
you should try to help them with their homework and maybe invite them to some university classes. then show them how to make a living.
you should give them your support for some time and just take some time to take care of them
i say that if you let them play games, it will happen
i think you will work it out keep on studying, try and help your kid and you are more than enough for you
you can do it like any other fun activity if you are feeling good
it may be expensive but it may also work. as long as you get the job done and paid for
go and tell them to study themselves to the point where they can't get the same grade or grade
so the future is bright. you will be a bright subject and they will have your support
your welcome good luck with your studies as well!!!
hello, what are you doing to keep yourself busy?
i am sorry to hear that. it must be very hard for you.
what is making you sad? what did he say to you to make you upset?
i understand that. when a breakup happens, you feel as though you are out of control and abandoned.
that sounds hard. do you feel as though you are choosing to neglect other aspects of your life? i can understand being concerned about what is making you feel neglected in the past.
the fact that you are having a difficult time means that you are feeling less motivated to do the hard work, right? you sound like you are working really hard at your studies, but i bet that the hard work you are doing is helping you much too!
i am glad to hear you are working on your study. i think there are a lot of people who went through the same situation.
have you had any talks about how you are trying to make new goals?
you're welcome. i hope you have a great year!
and do you think the counselor will help you get through this?
i'm sorry to hear that. i think this can be a learning experience for you too.
have a great day! have a wonderful week. take care!
i'm sure you will do great. stay positive!
hi, hello! how are you today? how are you today?
i'm doing okay. how may sunngeuse you?
i'm doing okay too. is your school any good?
have you considered seeking grants or scholarships to help you out
do you think you could possibly qualify for a repayment?
are there any other choices that you have considered? i know you can sign up for the whole schooling program if you have a good scholarship.
i understand that you can not complete the paperwork. is there any way you can pay off your loans in one sitting?
that is certainly a hard situation that we all need to face and it is totally understandable.
have you looked online on local financial aid websites or just access them locally?
it can be through your door but i am sure you can get it
it should be there next time. have you tried the school counsellor or counselor?
do you have a friends or family that could help you out?
a walk through with him is a great idea. i would suggest trying to get out of the house
have you tried calling any of your friends and family to talk to them to get some counselling info?
maybe you should consider getting a college loan if you can?
it may take awhile but i think you can get it done in a few days.
you as well enjoy your holidays too....
yes merry christmas and merry christmas to you too. have a blessed christmas yourself.
merry christmas, goodbye and keep writing for the rest of your life
hello, how are, how are you feeling today?
what is on your mind? please tell me, how may i help you today?
tell me about how you feel?.. what is it that makes you feel this way?
ohhh sorry to hear that i understand how can i help you
i see what your going through i see that you are doing good but it looks like you are going through a tough time
don't ever hold up your end so close to her
that's really a problem and can affect relationships and sometimes friendship
you shouldn't be ashamed, even if you're not in the clear this doesn't change your lifestyle
what do you think the solution is? i want to know
but don't worry just trust yourself its over now it's all over
why did you blow off your friends because of the incident then you'd be better off without them
just hang out with friends you'll be a better mom and just laugh now
have you found anything about the world today? is something bothering you?
oh. so you are nervous because you are worried about being found out.
my experience is that talking to a therapist can help. can you tell me more about your drinking?
so it sounds like your job has more than just drinking at work and drinking at the end of your shift would be a problem for your employers.
would you like to go through a conversation with someone who has experienced a similar situation?
how does your manager feel about that? do you feel that they could really help?
do you think that maybe you should talk to your employers about the problem at least once? it seems like they would be more than willing to give you advice if you truly need it.
if you truly feel that you are unfairly treated and that your situation is public information, is there anything else i can help you with?
the way that i see it, they have their people in line, the companies who were meant to be in the world have there jobs but no one heard from them. i know it's hard to ignore these people but at least you know that you did your best to stay positive.
have you thought about looking for work that is less intense in your work place?
no problem! good luck! i wish you all the best!
of course it's for 10 lines so i wouldn't feel guilty about it. do you have an online job?
well, do you feel that there are underlying causes in your problems?
in what area of the world have you been? when did it start?
thanks for that : ) that's very kind of you to say, you want to share your story with people.
you are welcome!! : ) don't get too ready to leave : )
i have heard great things about the uk though. it is a beautiful country : )
well, i hope so : ) and in the meantime just remember, most of us are * way * beyond the distance : )
i hope you will be able to find something with counselling and therapist. it's a big deal there
i hope that i have been able to be of some help. we have a lot of free counselling here and we have free weights and gossip colleges too
you as well : ) thank you!!!!!
i think you can do it from your side : )
hi! hello, how are you today? are you from cali?
yes, i am doing well. how is everything - how can i help you today?
i'm sorry you're not doing well with your friends. did you try communicating about this?
i'm sorry to hear that. is it a friendship with you in a serious setting?
do you think it would have been worth it to argue?
have you tried reaching out to them to explain the argument?
you must be furious. i can understand it. i know when i was in a situation like this, i was tired of the other person being late or my being on time.
i would encourage them to find a way to reflect on the situation, because once it's over, they are not seeing any future in it
i hope that i have been able to help you.
you are welcome. it's been a pleasure speaking with you!
same to you, goodbye!!!!!!
bye : ) have a good year!!!!
hey, this is easy to see. are you here today?
i am doing alright, is there anything you would take issue with?
oh. i am sorry to hear that. what is causing you to feel sad?
that's not too bad. what do you think you could do today?
i've been there too. i feel like a complete dumbfott. but i wish you the best of luck, and believe me, this is going to be a very long process!
so you are saying that you have difficulty finding validation?
is there anything else i can help you with today?
i hope you can get the message and be able to start working out.
do you want to share any of your problems with me?
it definitely can help! i don't know if there are ways you can quit, you might have to. i hope you feel better soon.
hope that helped!!! it sounds like things are really looking better for you now : )
ok bye now bye! and i will hit quit and do your work now : )
so, you got a bad grade on your paper?
i'm sorry to hear that. can you explain to me more?
are you doing better on paper than you do on your self?
i understand that you are stressed about your grade because it will affect your final grade a lot.
do you have a grade advisor you can speak with?
that's really hard, i am sorry to hear that. i would try and get some extra credit or retake some tests?
that sounds very tough. in my classes we used to get participation in our papers and then we also had to participate in the class later.
do you feel like you could have improved? i am sure that it wouldn't be too bad to try
you are welcome : ) i hope you have a great day!
you are welcome! please be well!!!!
i am glad i was able to help, is there anything else i can do for you?
enjoy the rest of your semester! have a wonderful day!
you too! and great day!!!!!!
i know it is very difficult when the pandemic is going on and when you are searching for a job, is it that there is something in particular you are struggling with?
i'm sorry to hear that. did you prepare to have to go back into work the same time you had before, or did you just leave it alone?
i think that having a family is a great idea. i think the best way to start at least one is to try to take a course at least once a week to see if you can get an emotional connection.
do you think there might be some resources available for that kind of work?
if you don't have any change in the matter, it could be an opportunity to complete a career change with the right combination of experience and training, though not a perfect fit.
are you planning on working online? or perhaps facetime?
that's great! i hear you. do you feel nervous about where you might find the new job? is there anything else i can help you with?
or have you thought about opening up a volunteer effort with a band?
i think that it might be worth the wait. it is not a sure thing to go anywhere else right now. but you will probably meet a job soon, if the pandemic is not reached in you time.
do you live in a home house? is there a way you could connect with your wife and family while you work?
i think that it is very possible. people tend to lean toward positive vibes when we are stressed. you can do this!
i'm glad that you're having a better perspective than me.
i am so happy to hear that. this is an ongoing issue.
you are welcome. i hope you all have a wonderful year!
hello! i'm so sorry to hear that. can you tell me more about sxmedia. is it a new online hobby?
i am doing okay i can tell you are stressed. how can i help you
so you are very comfortable with the manager's words and you don't want the rejection.
i see. so is the boss ok with this sort of situation?
is it possible that you are facing unfair treatment from your peers? do you think it would make you feel better to tell them that you do not agree with the policies they are working with?
you can sometimes use the times xon and contractual reasons that are pertinent to your work situation to get the conversation going.
how did this situation affect you? did you continue to sit out for a while?
well you are actually a valuable employee and a valuable human being. if you cannot stand it then you will find a way to take things another direction. do you have a good worker when you talk to him?
i think that is the best option. if your hr department looks to be thinking of you, they are probably worried about your safety as well.
thanks for sharing your situation and can understand your situation!
have a nice night! take care!!!!!!
hello, hello! how are you doing today? are you alright?
how are you today? how are can i help you today?
what is going on? i am here to listen.
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have a fear of losing your job due to covid
so that it could still happen due to their lack of response from their higher supervisor?
can you try to find another job that could be a good fit for you?
have you talked to anyone about the fear of losing your job?
are there any resources that you could access when seeking help from your supervisor? perhaps they have a resource for you to offer suggestions. i suggest talking to your supervisor about your concerns.
i also have found that trying to focus on other hobbies that i like and others that i enjoy to help me feel better helps me a lot.
it is very helpful! i think i am going to follow your suggestions and take a couple of minutes to think about what i can do to help take your mind off of this situation. i hope you have a great day!
you're welcome! i hope everything works out!
sure! have a wonderful evening! is there anything else you would like to discuss?
well, what would you like to tell me about your hobbies?
i am so happy to hear that! can i ask what types of hobbies you enjoy?
nice! i am glad i have been able to make you more relaxed. where are you at?
my friends call me super attractive when i am around. have you checked out any new music vids?
oh no. i am sorry you are feeling this way. what's troubling you the most?
it sounds like you are a lot of effort. i am sure you will do great!
i understand, you are not as difficult as the rest of us
i suggest talking to your professors about it. if you could get everyone to listen and if they didn't listen how can i help?
you could always ask your professors if you can improve your social resume and resume. that's a great idea.
that is great to hear, i think that being open with others can help the least.
what i'm worried about is that you are worried that your professors might be deeply betrayed by your failure. i know that this is difficult times for a lot of people. however, you can do this. your professors may be in charge of helping you, they may not have the luxury of having you study hard but if they are willing to spend their time seeking you out, it would be easier for them to help you in addition to what you already have.
i definitely think that would be a great idea. have you tried doing any volunteer work on any areas of your life where you feel comfortable and also feel comfortable helping others? you have every right to go to church, but make sure you check in with everyone around you when you are there. you sound really understanding about all of this and i'm sure you have a good head on your shoulders.
sounds like it. it's a great way to keep it positive and make your parents proud. i am happy to see you appreciate that. you can do this!
it was my pleasure. i hope you can get to feel a little better about it soon.
hello.. hi there! how are you doing today?
are you feeling anxious today? why do you think that?
if you don't mind me asking what the event is that you're worried about?
you have given me a great start. i'm also hoping to get a more routine routine started when i am off of my apps.
it does help to meditate, as much as i'd like to. the only thing is that they're not always of equal severity as they're used.
that is very good. i'm sure that this session has helped you. is there anything else i can do to assist you?
i'm glad you are getting some help. do you know of any medication that can help?
i think that you should take up meditation with your close friends and tell them you are concerned that they can't be trusted to deal with your feelings.
i know that some issues can be resolved very quickly. however, if it is the case, your friend might be able to understand that you aren't doing the same and are just trying to figure out how you can manage your anxiety and depression.
i hear you saying you don't like to exercise but i wonder if you could try something you've never considered doing before. this works for me personally. sometimes it helps to get me out of my comfort zone for a bit.
have you had your health tested and have seen an expert in your area that can help you? it's been a great resource.
well that's the best way to get in the way of your anxiety. i totally get that.
how are you doing during the day? it can be really hard when you are in the cold and it's so difficult to get yourself out there during the pandemic.
i hope i have been able to be of some help to you this morning!
of course, i'm glad to hear that. i hope that i had been able to encourage you.
yes, i do like music and always playing piano helps me work out.
i'm glad that you have someone to talk to today! i am glad that you are feeling better.
you are welcome! thank you! and you have a wonderful day!
hello, how can i help you today? is there anything i can help you with today?
i am not bad, but i know that this can be troubling for a lot of people. what the worst that can happen?
that is very understandable. are you there now? are you getting any sort of resolution?
it sounds like you are feeling overwhelmed, perhaps making tough friendships, are you really feeling ready to get back with your husband?
can you tell me what makes you feel this way?
i am not sure what caused the release of you but i believe you did not. does this sound possible?
when it comes to getting to know each other, being emotionally connected can help in trying to fix it.
it will be soon but it will get better. try not to let this situation define your relationships. it is a fsociety thing.
i have felt similar. i think that sometimes the best thing to do is just to spend time with friends. it is not to condone the feelings of rejection.
i can understand that. perhaps a book. something like the great depression, something like liberating yourself.
hi! hi! how are you doing today? how are you doing today?
oh, i am sorry to hear that. why are you having a bad day?
yeah, that seems hard at the moment. i think i would be a little upset if i were out of the house because of my financial situation.
what kind of stuff is on your mind that you are worried about losing your job?
not losing your job can be a real challenge. but your feelings are valid.
that's really hard. but i think a lot of people just focus on things they think are right. i think it's good that you understand how to address this, as there's a lot to learn about what is right and what is not.
could you seek out different work, jobs and and offer a short term reference?
wow, that's very encouraging, i'm sure you'll do great
is there anything else you would like to discuss with me?
yes, thats a great idea, you can get a job that will pay good as well.
no problem! i hope your job search gets better and i hope you have a good week : )
good night! you too!!!!!!
any particular reason you'd want to tell me?
i am sorry to hear that, what makes you think you are having trouble getting a job?
i hear you. that is hard. are you having sleep issues due to you not getting enough rest?
i explored work places near me. if you ever have ever seen a resume, you could ask for a job there. it might be worth a try.
have you talked to your doctor about that? it can be expensive.
thats good at the job! how about going on break or taking a nap in your free time?
do you have a resume? you can probably get something postdocked
you are welcome. it's been a pleasure speaking with you.
anytime. have a great day. i hope you find a better job soon.
you're welcome. i wish you the best and hope things go your way.
hello, yes i can talk to you. anything else i can help you with today ece>
so you think you feel used or angry by the volunteer effort?
do you think you are using your friends? it seems like you are trying to do your best to help your friend, not putting everyone before you.
if you feel like you are not being used by people that you trust, then that is perfectly fine. however, i believe there is a place for help from friends and family who use you to help them.
you are also not following in their behavior, you seem like a thoughtful and supportive person. they are not the best friends to have. you are not doing anything to dethrone them, you are just asking for them to get care.
you should talk to them about this, they have a right to be upset. do you have any friends who could support you and not come to ss?
i can tell you it does sound like you are being very frustrated. would you consider explaining what you are doing to them? maybe suggest that you would like to give them time to get some ideas of why you feel like they are not doing as well as you? i am sure they would be able to understand what you are going through.
that's a good strategy! it's not worth having a hostile relationship over that. maybe you could go as far as choosing to avoid a confrontation. or at least try to be friendly to them if possible.
that is a good goal. please believe me when i say that you will never be able to compromise.
you are very welcome! best of luck to you!
good morning too, what can i help you with today?
merry christmas to you too. is there you now?
how are you doing today? is there anything else i can i can help you with today?
hi, how can i help you? is there anything on your mind?
i understand. have you tried the prayer or something that always help.
i know a few things i would suggest is taking some deep breaths and breathing exercises... are you in school?
have you tried going for a some coping time, i know i have done that before when i have worked for myself.
how do you feel about anti anxiety sants that have made your situation more simple and less stressful?
did you try looking online for other jobs? i know that would definitely help.
i know it sounds hopeless but even so i suggest finding another hobby or maybe the hobby of yoga? if you get some of those you can learn how to do it for a living
when looking for employment try to ask your local college what are some places to look for employment in the nearby city.
i am happy to help you. good luck!!
yes exactly it is a new world that needs a fulltime job.
so you are actually managing a lot of anxiety as you feel you are having to try to work through it but you know that is all you can do and it does not always come easily
i think we should give it a try! let's try our best to put on a show so that it will be more of a doubt and the answer is yes, that will make us change and change our habits.
at least we can still see things for what they are now....
thank you i'm glad i was able to be of help
you are most welcome, good luck with everything!!!!
merry christmas and enjoy the rest of your day : )
hi, hello. how are you doing today? what is going on?
i have to answer quickly, is there anything specific that you'd like to talk to me about?
we all want to understand and trust people but we don't understand why they don't understand
are you saying that your copress workers feel this way about the current global crisis?
can you tell me a little more about your position as well?
i wonder if you could seek professional help from your coworkers?
i understand how you feel. perhaps they have a tough time understanding you. is there anyone in your office that could help you with this?
a large part of it is probably due to covid - like circumstances, though, and perhaps you need to think about them in a certain way - be a little more proactive in communicating with them that you would like to do, or telling them what the actions of their work are doing, even if it's difficult.
why do you feel anxious? have you tried seeing a therapist? they are amazing
sure, maybe have a paper trail where you go every morning to see if others wear masks
i think you have to be really prepared for all of this, even the most common conditions at work can be challenging.
do you feel as though you have every chance to have a dialogue with him to decide how to handle this situation? or will you be able to find another way to solve the problem?
i think it's great you can feel how much you are struggling at this workplace.
i'm glad it was helpful! have a wonderful day!
i think you can get the hang of it and hopefully your manager will know.
it can be very difficult, but at this point i just decided i was ready to step away and take my mind off things, find out what is going on with the team and make some kind of kind of assessment. that is what i usually do, what i find on interviews and on social media has helped a lot.
sorry to hear that. did you do anything to cope with it?
that's really rough, do you have any family member you could talk to about it?
yes this has to make you feel nervous. this is something that will make you feel worse and sad.
maybe you could think of ideas that might help you feel less anxious.
do you have anyone close by that can give you a clear head and open up a conversation?
i see! i've noticed that during these itsbeen very difficult times so i understand how you are feeling.
i know what you mean. i have been in canada and it is similar to the south.
i'm in london and i can understand how youre feeling. for now we have proper virus control and vaccines have been developed. we should really try to avoid them : )
yes i think so. however your death may not be related to any covid concern.
thank you for talking and thank you for the suggestions and advice. i hope you stay safe as well!
i have been in your shoes and a close friend of mine got dropped by a friend, they were in a era of contact for years, this person was really hurting but that was in addition to him just sitting around texting me,
what seems to be the problem? or was he cheating on you?
i understand, its a sad time, im glad you are able to move on,
it is not really your fault. this was his first honest meeting.
i know it is really hard to see someone just drop on you, but you don't want to leave!
have you been to friends? or gone on dates?
i see what you are saying. and i have been there before
try not to think too much of yourself. you need to focus on yourself and focus on you. you may be better off without him.
well, online relationships are a means of decarbling your ex into finding a new one. but you can always try another online activity. for example, go on amazon, go to walmart, visit friends, learn new music, if he is interested you could join a club.
did you have any kids? or do you have any money?
yes, you can! then your little brother can get over him and be happy too.
please do! don't let it play out.
yes, maybe he will take you out on a date
anyway have a good one, thanks for talking! stay safe!
anytime! and don't give up! and make sure to be as kind as you can.
hi.. how are you doing? how are you today?
have you had a reason why you are angry? why do you think that?
i am sorry to hear that. it sounds like this is a toxic friend. have you spoken to them directly to correct this?
if she is not being polite or disregarding your feelings, then she is not the right friend for you.
perhaps you should discuss some problems with her so that you can solve them in a less conflict.
if you think something is going on and you think it is bothering you, then ask about it. maybe even talk about what is going on?
if it is bad enough and someone is obnoxious and something isn't right, you need to figure out if you can stand up for yourself or not.
youre not acting like yourself today, anything you want to talk about?
you sound like a great person, believe me, i dont think it will work either. maybe she wont make a effort to talk about something, maybe she will just not listen, who knows.
that sounds like a good plan. you both sound like you have a lot going on right now.
yeah i definitely can relate to that. ive done it myself.
it was a pleasure talking to you! i hope things get better for you.
well, i hope it helped.... and i am really glad you got some help from me!
absolutely. i dont think we're at all stupid.
i is there anything else you'd like to discuss?
i am really sorry to hear that. what would be your first step in finding a new group of people to go out with?
okay, do you have any ideas of ways you could get started?
is that a normal life, or are you feeling isolated?
so you are suffering from anxieties, or anxieties cause depression?
i think that with the right covid team and people, it will be ok!
that could be a good plan. i think it would be a good time to meet new people. when are you planning to visit your family?
do you know that your family would be interested in any kind of activities like aa meetings? or would you say that there are plenty of opportunities for you to meet and hang out in groups with many other people?
i see, does the roommate know you? if so, maybe he could invite you over to his house sometime. if not, you can try to pay for your own house.
that's true, people who seem to not want to talk are going to be difficult for awhile. perhaps a call to a aa group might be a great idea
he has to live with you, do you live in the country? if so, could you live with your spouse?
if he is just who he is, does that make sense? does he want to leave, have an argument, make your way home, causing angry feelings?
i know you are doing great and having a really hard time, but your fiance just needs to talk to you to feel better about herself.
it's also important to know if you want to address the issues from the start.
thats good to hear. is there anything else that i can help you with?
you are very welcome. i hope that helps a little.
hi, hello, how are you today? hope i can help.
i am sorry to hear that... is there any specific thing specific?
so, is this due to the coping of the situation, or from the previous manager?
sorry to hear that! was it possible to talk to your supervisor about this?
try to contact the administration office or reaching out to a contact letter on the board of appeals
have you tried making a journal or some other form of journal?
its okay to see someone else do something you had a big opportunity for but if you give up and you don't have to they won't be available as well. if you see them in person they will be able to help you in a few weeks.
it's really difficult to get help from other people who have already tried to get help. you should try reaching out to your local school.
is this a job you can work as a supervisor for?
i believe that you will find something in time. the fact that you have offered help in the past may come in handy in the future.
you need to address your concerns with them as well as your supervisor. this must be an issue for both of you. this person is a joke and i can tell you are really concerned.
i think the good news is you still have a good job despite the circumstances and i know its tough to get feedback from people and people will likely appreciate your efforts.
okay. maybe you could start speaking with some of your coworkers about your fears.
i believe that your efforts in mentoring have helped you in the long run and having a mentor help will help you along the way as well.
of course i hope it all works out for you!
it will be a blessed day for you as well!
hello how are you? what, how are you tonight?
so you feel as though you cannot accomplish anything by yourself? that you feel a lot of selfism?
oh okay. how long has this been going on for?
the older person has had a hard time for sure, so it's no surprise you are feeling frustrated. how do you figure in what ways to avoid feeling like you don't love your partner or someone else?
have you talked to friends or family about your past?
i focused on being kind to myself as a child, and i started a journal, and tried to do all the cooking and reading and the drawing i could do in order to be more independent and happier. what i learned about selfless moments, with others, was that it was the small things that helped.
would you like to know what the best activity to do to have a good time?
have you ever considered going to a counselling? or anyone else?
i can see why you might be depressed, are you worried?
how about taking some deep breaths and say, i don't want to sound like a secciltionist and how are you doing today?
that's such a weird thing to say. you have it pretty good, but i believe it isn't the best solution
okay, good to hear! bye! : ) thank you so much for talking and best wishes for the future!
no need to feel bad. everyone needs help. i know it's hard, but with all the sun and all the information we have to look out for ourselves, i think we should take the better part of a day.
yes, i'm planning to become a counselor. but i have to wait for the meeting to see who is coming out for the sessions and i don't think that's until summer so i'm not sure if anyone is there yet.
that's a really hard field to be in. it's great that you're considering a career change and are interested in those things.
ah! i think it is! it is a very rough, temporary way to end an online conversation, but is really not bad.
awesome. i'm here for you, we can wrap up if we don't have any other conversations. i have plenty of free time if you want to talk about anything.
bye : ) glad to be here. it's my birthday!
oh, nice chatting with you : ) just click the finish button and finish your chat.
why do you feel you love your friend so much?
has the friend messed up or just grieving your feelings recently?
what type of lie did he say? did you give him an answer?
i can understand how it feels to be hurted. what's the issue at work?
i see. you are being very hurt. do you feel that he has become cruel and toxic to you because he is telling you that you will hurt?
can you tell me more about it? do you think that you have noticed that he has given you awful ways of dealing with this lie?
i can tell that you are feeling very angry about this situation and angry because he had no authority over you.
is there a way that you can tell him why you feel that he is hurting?
so you are going to treat your boss like this and want to lose him?
are you at least told the manager about how she has been approaching this guy?
have you tried getting her to talk to her boss? that might be something in the interest of hr.
i would give her a few hours of opportunity to make the situation more clear and maybe talk about the situation with your coworker.
i would try to think of what she's going to say in these messages.
that sounds good. that is a great first step. maybe you can further introduce her to your child and see if she wants to spend some time with you.
when i'm at work i don't get out of the office unless i have to, if that makes sense. i think it's about the right way to put it, it's not going to hurt.
i understand. it's hard to imagine everyone else's situation at the moment, but i'm sure that you have to give yourself a break.
of course! i hope it helps! : ) thank you for talking!
you too! happy holidays!!!!!!
i'm sorry to hear that. can you explain?
what do you think is making you feel blue? does she have anger issues or is she just tired of hearing you talk?
perhaps you should talk to her about that? i am sure it might help to make sure you have some sort of sense of perspective and don't just yet assume that you are living it. i don't think that you are really living it, but i'm sure you have seen your mom cry when she feels like it, and you are certainly not living it either.
okay, i see. i can see how that could be frustrating to do that with your mom, especially since she is your mom. i understand that you are feeling very alone.
well, it must be hard for you to have different boundaries. you are the only one who will decide where your freedom goes.
i suggest expressing your concerns through discussion, then taking a few deep breaths and trying to explain the emotions in your head. in this case, it seems that you need to clear your head and take a step back.
it can be very difficult, especially with the switch to different forums, especially at a young age.
i understand how frustrating that must be but i think that's worth talking with someone for once. i also have had a frank chat with my mom about my friends.
i think it's good that you've some family support!
i feel that with your style of friends, your parents, your family should not fear you because your parents do not really see you as that. just as they don't see your daughter. they'll say that you are part of the problem.
yes! how about a gift, or even if she could just press quit first then go to the news, tell her that you care and that you care about your friends.
you're very welcome! you need to end the conversation as i was done but i hope that was a wonderful first step.
i'm good! how in nature we have to submit the survey every day right?
how do you feel about the job at work? i see you are a therapist and you are considering a new path to come up with a new path?
do you like school? maybe it would give you a chance to really get interested in the subject?
i understand that! does your therapist have free tickets to your next job? maybe you could see if they offer any free virtual therapy with a free or low cost?
you may be surprised how many people have given up on their careers. do you have friends who are on the same?
and if you like to travel, you can also make friends with them.
it's also good that you're opening your own small business as well, which may help others.
one thing about how you could be more stymied by travel is that you could at least show them how you are doing and how you are feeling and get them to forgive you.
that would be a great idea, and yes you wouldn't be replacing yourself with a bot. what your therapist might need to know is how do you think you would react if you were to give them something like that.
thanks.. it's really been a pleasure speaking to you.
perhaps on top of that, you could go out to somewhere new. maybe you could try going to a movie. they seem like fun.
did your therapist recommend your work for your depression? if you dont mind my asking.
there is a precautionary phrase out there, for sure.
that's great! i am glad you are feeling a little better.
hi there, how are you doing today? would you like to talk more about your feelings?
how are you feeling right now? is there a reason why you are depressed?
i can see, so what are you planning on doing when the meds make you feel better?
is there any possibility of something like therapy that will help?
there are many other methods that can give you relief from the worst depression problems. do you have any friends or family that could help with your crying?
just keeping your mind busy with other things can be very helpful.
i think thats great to hear that you are having a close connection with your therapist.
i am glad to hear that. it is a great way to feel connected to a stranger and not any more. i am sure your therapist would appreciate that.
glad i was able to help you. you have made my day a lot easier.
i am sorry to hear that. i'm so glad you were able to talk it out
i feel you. my kids broke hearted too. i got really bad treatment from my dad since they were growing up.
don't worry just do that. you did all you can do.
maybe one of those too. just take some time for yourself to take some rest and take some time to worry about them. take a break from your kids you can. just take some time to think about the things you want to do.
i remember i was in a hurry to go out and feel like a mother for my sons, it took a lot of time to process
your welcome, i hope you have a good night!
hi, i'm a mom, i'm a mom too. what did you see?
oh yeah. women seem more likely to be interested in you when they see you. i'm into sport. i like running and running, soccer, etc. you don't need anything fancy.
you can always meet the other person on netflix : ) )
oh no. why are you miserable outside work? is there something specific you'd like to discuss with me?
i can understand how you are feeling right now. i was one of those myself in this situation. i ended up quitting after months of trying hard hard hard working. this type of thing is a constant change that takes time and time. have you considered seeking out new work to improve your performance?
i am sorry to hear that. is there any way you can talk to your supervisor and point her out to her?
it sounds like you have a good problem : ) i can tell that this is really the biggest pain in your life.
it's good that you are willing to take the path of studying, is this something that you've considered?
i can see your concern as you feel the need to avoid conflict and you would feel really comfortable with this situation, yes.
can you tell them that it is totally normal to not be seeing help from others?
good bye : )...... i am glad to hear that you are able to lean on your coworkers!
i understand your frustration but i really believe that you have been able to ignore what has happened and your efforts are being recognized.
yes, i think that that would definitely be the healthiest course of action for you to take.
you are very welcome! it was very nice speaking to you. have a wonderful day!
why aren't you doing okay? have you been doing anything soon/ how is the weather there?
it sounds like it's difficult for you to overcome this fear? it's really hard to do sometimes! is that right?
i had a regular class once but i thought that i was much more understanding than i was, i feel it took me ages to do the presentation and was very difficult. i know that i also struggled with not being able to speak with others.
there are courses to take which help you build up knowledge in school. does that sound like something you'd be interested in?
is this a part of your major? what is making you so anxious?
would you consider seeking professional help for your anxiety and the type of study that you are doing?
well, once you get used to the rest of it, i would suggest putting it in your activities list and searching for recommendations for new platforms that you can't use.
that is awesome that you are looking forward to this and i wish you the best of luck in your future!
i also enjoy peopole as well. i know they are the biggest supporter of you today so if you are feeling anxious you can try using another form of communication to try to heal this issue.
you need to get out in the park and see some friends. it will help keep you at ease.
i understand how you feel. anxity is very hard but i believe in you.
i do. if you want to talk again i have updated the request to my compassionate's in my end.
i hope this was helpful and i wish you all the best in the future.
have you tried talking to people in person at all?
it is my pleasure to help. thank you for your suggestion and i hope this really helped you and i am happy to continue to speak with you.
bye. good night! bye. : ) bye!
you too! thanks. i hope i was able to help you. goodbye!
hello. how's it going? what's going on?
how may i help you today? what are your feelings?
i am so sorry to hear that. did you explain your concerns to her and what kind of alternative ways you think she would interpret your anger?
that's a fair point. most people can't seem to handle the phone. the only way to make it easier is through talking, which is better for your cousin's sake.
that is a good point. perhaps even she could borrow her brother's name and see if that would help at all?
it may be worth asking her about. i can feel the stress and sadness from this by hearing all the criticism that has happened to her, and just how she feels in general, i know i have been through it when i was in a similar situation.
perhaps you could call a parent counselor to see if it might help her.
i agree, unfortunately children are much more important than they appear. does anyone have any alternative methods that they can use to help their kids?
is there anyone else she could discuss it with? perhaps talking with her colleagues could give you some direction.
can you possibly work through with your other cousin? tell them exactly what you feel, with what amount of information you've gathered to support your view?
why do you think that would be? do you want her to spend time with other people?
you're welcome! is there anything else i can help you with?
that's good to hear. are you prepared for christmas?
bye. it's been nice chatting with you!
hello, how are you doing, how can i help you today?
okay, is there anything specific you think that is causing you to be this way?
i understand that. some people feel that way, but do you think that perhaps you are not being able to control the personal timer?
i completely understand where you are coming from, it's hard to play the political game well. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy doing?
i would just to let you know that i'm happy that i was able to help you today. it is always a good thing to play politics if it's a big part of your life.
how do you like workout? do you have the time to do so much?
that is a good suggestion. i find that the time i spend on repairing cars has given me energy to be more productive.
i cannot. i don't enjoy it. it is horrible feeling. alcohol is not something i can do.
what are some things you think that you enjoy doing in nature?
are you able to go to a gym or a gym?
i'm really glad to hear that, i'm in florida and it's a bit chilly but i can't wait to go in to any outdoor places to get exercise. have you looked into climbing / hiking trails? i've been wanting to try it.
of course! i wish you the very best! are you feeling more comfortable with other mechanisms that help with low stress?
hi. is he related to parents or friends? i would be interested to know his reasons for being bipolar.
how do you want to approach him about this? maybe you can start his daily routine, before he walks out of the house.
just as i understand you're feeling overwhelmed by this, i can tell you're feeling very helpless. this is a situation which is very difficult for you and i really understand.
i will try my best to help you today. i hope your friend has a good year.
that is really hard, i can imagine it's very difficult. do you think you should speak to him to suggest he is having problems?
it sounds like you are trying your best and you've got to be there for him and that is your friends advantage.
does he have any other attributes that you feel he doesn't have?
that is a very good and difficult situation. i know you want to stay positive.
the best thing you can do is get that person out and enjoy the good vibes you have with them.
wow. have you seen anyone die in the last two years?
you have quite a few experience mental health issues at that age, i feel your pain
yes i agree, unload anonously on here!
i think you are good. there are many online resources that could help with our situation.
ok, have a lovely night. be safe! : )
glad i could help! we are all stronger and i believe in you. take care!
nice talking to you too! stay safe as well!
i'm here! what's on your mind? - sorry.
how are you doing? i am doing great. what's wrong?
what happened that made you feel this way? would you like to tell me?
i see, did you need anything? if so, would you like to talk about it?
that's wonderful! i see you are motivated to work and pursue your dreams. i think that is something that will help you!
yes that makes a lot of sense. does that make you feel better?
yes i love those sweet leaves on a long day. my favourite is, when it feels like christmas, imagine the pumpkin!
yes, yoga is something i do every morning. i love exercising. i bet you would not be able to do it in one day if you spent the day doing it daily. do you have any hobbies?
that is really tough. there are so many ways to get yourself motivated. there are different things you can do to fill that void.
i see. that sounds like a lot of work. that's a good thing to do to stay healthy..
personally, i find taking a walk to my max eight hours each day helps me feel better and does not cause any more pain.
that's tough, but it's important to make it through. have you tried to talk to your family? you'd be surprised how many people have been affected in the past.
you are better off without us as people. the vaccine is on the way though so we need to wait for it to come into play. we all need people who care and need to help to be the first to get vaccinated,
thanks for compliment! - ) i think so too. i really hope i was able to help you stay away from all this anxiety!
how are you today, what is it that you're feeling tonight?
i am doing well. is there anything on your mind or what have you been going through lately?
are you looking for help at the moment? you seem very comfortable chatting with me.
so i see.. do you think you might be a little overwhelmed by everything?
the way i see it, life just isn't easy. sometimes it's good to call that a waste of time.
it sounds like you're really having fun. does that make you feel better?
that's good! i'm glad you enjoyed it!
i am happy that you are working at it. you're a strong person for expressing yourself. it is okay to feel guilty for it, but you don't have to be.
i definitely understand that. i wonder if you could call their advice to them to see if you can give them a thought about your condition? or perhaps talking to a professional?
hi, hi there, how are you? i hope you feel better.
how can i help you? would you be willing to discuss it?
why did you leave him? do you want to tell me more?
have you confronted him about it? i know how frustrating this would be
ok! but i can tell you that, you will not feel you are missing it anymore
oh! i think you need a mediator to move on
i would suggest you try to focus on those things that make you happy
yes try to make yourself happy and try to be proud of your accomplishments and move on
go get your self motivated then you will feel better...
i think it will be ok. but try to focus on the good things
i like to think that anything that makes you happy, would make you happy again
try to think of him and you know what makes you happy. try to take control of your thoughts
you have to just get in touch with his friends and family
don't think of him he will end up you are good
if you try you can find those activities that will help you
it's been a very hard year for everyone but we are so glad we are going to get vaccines
that's great good to hear and good to try and live your life
it's a great idea to stay away from people
okay. i suggest you go and listen to your friends and see if they like you.
yes i have not seen any comedy movies yet but my favorite movie right now is the lazy note
have you tried to watch some kind of art form or movie that get you feeling good?
okay.. thanks for sharing with me...
i am doing all my best thanks to you for listening
ok, great thank you for sharing your support with me
hope that this helped you a lot. i know you will be ok
yes i hope you do ok everything will be ok i will share my stories on youtube
take care you need it... i will just finish
you got the right to go, bye now...
i can share all your reddits if you would like
hi, thats great! how can i help?
oh no! i can relate to that pain. i've also lost one of my best friends a while ago as well. what is the rest of your family's problem?
no, i think you are doing the right thing, don't feel bad. they might just want to get the dog home. are you doing anything in the meantime?
you could take him to the shelter and get an in person pet. i think that would make you feel more at ease.
i would try and make sure you think of things that you can do in your free time too. i know you don't want to do that, but you can still do a lot of fun things to have a chance to do with him and make you happy in some way.
i have a wonderful white lab mix. she was my baby at the time. i was blessed with her bright spots when we met and her nervous smile made me smile too.
it sounds like you have already taken the opportunity to take a good look at the task and tell yourself that you will not leave home any time soon.
yes! don't forget that you are working full time too, i'm sure you feel that way, with all this stress and stress.
that sounds like a great idea! would you consider a yard dog? there are lots of programs out there that will help with home distractions. they can give you a lot of options.
are you working now? that is great! you have a really awesome boss who loves dogs.
you're very welcome! i hope that you have a wonderful day!
same to you! goodbye! : ) ) you too!
do you have anything specific you'd like to discuss today?
so you were cheated on by your girlfriend? that is pretty concerning.
i am sorry to hear that. i can understand that being deaf can cause problems in hearing.
i meant literally lol - sorry that did not make any sense : )
a sign language program that you can use in person?
what have you done to help her to make her want to talk?
have you considered talking to her again and seeing if there is an answer for that?
i think you'd be surprised by how quickly you'll adjust to someone's sign language
it sounds like you are beyond repair. it's been tough when you're feeling so selfish.
was there anything else you wanted to do in the meantime?
seriously, how are you feeling at the moment? what do you think happened?
what do you think that is? something he can't see?
oh wow. it sounds like she's going through a lot of trouble for you, i know she's not the only woman who has faced an element of covid
ok then that makes sense, it's just tough knowing someone has to be able to connect with someone that is away from you.
well, thanks for sharing your problem with me. my name is traffic.
do you want to continue talking? i can't work
you're welcome! have a great day. i hope you feel better after you kill them all.
good bye! goodbye. hope you have a wonderful night.
how long ago? how, what happened? what was wrong?
do you feel more comfortable talking about it with me now?
oh no, when did this happen? do you think that is why she broke your heart?
i am so sorry to hear that. it is horrible to feel like that but you should never feel that way. you did the right thing. you did the right thing.
do you think that there might be a way you can rearrange your memories? or reframe them to something new?
you can start back on your feet and take walks or to go to a park.
you could try to join professional counselling, try wearing down your home and family members.
well, sometimes you just need a good old grieving cry.
i think that is a great idea! you don't have to take anyone, but there are many options that you could take, such as a trip to europe, and with some friends or family over there who might enjoy that experience too.
yes! i've been there a few times too... very beautiful! have a great time there.
great! i think you should be feeling a bit forward at this difficult time!
i'm sorry to hear that. is there something that you are facing right now?
i am sorry to hear that. this has really happened to me. i feel you are going to be alright.
ah, i understand you are struggling with this especially with how difficult the world is at the moment. have you spoke to your wife about these exact circumstances?
do you know what kind of jobs you are applying for?
that is understandable. i can understand why you're being very anxious.
that's good. hopefully you are not too busy to use any of the jobs that are available. you know, keep track of your boss and not prioritize the more difficult jobs. i think we all need that right now.
i would try to find a counselor and medication that you can afford. or even a local counselling group that you could suggest. there are a lot of different professional agencies available in your area.
well, there are different strategies you can use in that situation to help reduce the stress of your problems. also, there are online meditation that can help to reduce the amount of pressure in your brain.
i've been doing it for about 10 minutes.
i hope that i have helped and i wish you well
your welcome, stay strong! thanks for talking and best wishes!
you're welcome! thank you for speaking with me!
i'm doing well, thank - thank you for asking.
ah... it sounds like you had a very specific situation with covid... what do you think?
i am sorry to hear that. i would like to encourage you that maybe this is the most important issue for you.
i feel that people should have respect for you. i am sure you are worth keeping in touch with. i am sure you have other friends you can hang out with even if they aren't that active. maybe if they gave you the time of day to chat you may feel different
how are they coming around? do you guys need more contact?
could you start calling and texting them in a regular time so they can understand that you are putting in effort and you feel ready to talk about the future?
maybe i could help you with something. i would like to know more about the situation. i know it can be difficult to determine who is the best friend in these times.
i agree that you are totally right. do you have people who you could try reaching out to when you are feeling overwhelmed?
i can understand. i've only recently started out, but i am now in a small group of 4. have you looked into any local colleges? maybe looking for support on youtube or facebook for community organizing and whatnot. i know there are a few new learning opportunities out there.
i do understand your fear of people running up and down the street. i would think that you'd find that a lot of people are also into field hockey!
i'm glad you're getting some help!
yes and let's try to hit the divide and have a good time!
merry christmas to you too! and thank you! i hope you have a good thanksgiving too!
you as well!!!!!!!!!
how are you doing today? of course. how can i help you?
how may i help you? what can i help you with today?
i am sorry to hear that. would you be willing to talk about it more?
thank you for sharing with me! i'm so sorry to hear that!
that's understandable! it's hard to understand what a loss of someone you love and trust is.
it might be hard to see it through since the events have triggered and given us a way to see ourselves in this context, but if you can find a therapist that will help you see things in a positive light, you might have a place to start.
can you feel comfortable with any of the activities you enjoyed doing with your partner before this?
i believe he may be more than happy to listen. i believe you are responsible for making a healthy relationship and moving forward in the relationship.
you are responsible for the future, you need to reflect and get yourself out there and we all do better when we have time to reflect. the situation will not be any different if you move forward with the correct plan.
it's all about how you break up. do you want to try and move on, but are trying your best to stay with your current partner until you feel more comfortable with your new relationship?
no problem, i am glad i could help. i hope you have a wonderful rest of your week!
i am doing good, what's on. is there anything you would like to talk about?
i am sorry you have to deal with that. it's not something that you seem to be aware of, at least not yet. have you tried to talk about it in a positive manner?
have you considered talking to your co workers about this?
that is a very difficult position to be in. i feel that both parents need to make sense of it all.
i think that moving to private practice is very similar to seeking help from your parent. it is very sad to see that all these experiences are going to make us feel uncertain. do you think that maybe having an academic opportunity to spend more time with your son, would help you a lot?
i just want to add that it is never okay to overextend yourself, but i think that you can do better. i have found that over all we can see ourselves better at one thing than we can overcome. you can try another way.
i think that you are very welcome. i will try to reach out whenever you feel like listening!
sorry, i was just running errands. thank you. you as well!
hello! how are you doing today? how is your day?
what makes you feel that way? is there something wrong?
yeah i get it, i can relate to that sometimes.
i am so sorry to hear that. you should definitely have a job, there is a job out there that doesn't involve any free time.
what was your major? it's hard to know when things go wrong, especially in this new year.
are you having trouble finding a job at home or else is this a temporary thing?
i am sure that you are feeling great about this year and i'm sure your family and friends are happy.
what is your favorite job? you mentioned you do pet sitting and it's fun.
that's great. i am glad you made the leap to mturk!
have you looked into any work out of your home? it can help us all get through this so we can move in more in a future
i live by myself. it was very scary at first but i was able to pay my bills and be a little more comfortable now!
i just put off the mturk and bipolar medicine project, i hope i have been able to be of some help for you.
have you considered joining online groups where you can share your issues with others?
you can also follow a job search on linkdin, that is how i found a job before this holiday season
bye! i wish you luck. if you need anything else, just ask and there is no problem.
i am sorry to hear that. i know how you feel.
are you having sleep problems? i find that studies have showed it's easier to avoid when people are struggling during certain times of night than during a day, you think. is this a common problem?
just to make sure, your comforter is available in your bed? that is what i do and i will try to find a support group for you.
can you write down some things to do for me to help you?
do you have any problems in your life? do you have friends you can share your feelings with?
of course, do you have someone to talk to about this?
i'm sure that there are many pet animals out there that could be used for comfort.
that is good and you are welcome. do you feel anxious about the future?
do you think that your dog will be ok with it?
the pandemic can really make a large difference in how our body and mind adapt.
is there any chance that you can socialize with a pet, i find that doing it with a pet can help you relax during this time.
i would suggest getting an 8 pack of packs of soft drinks, and maybe braid dinner and lunch each night before bed.
can you think of a way to connect with people so you can sleep better?
of course, just know that you can do this!!!
you are welcome, i hope you are able to deal with this well.
sorry to hear that. is there anything specific that is bothering you right now?
i understand how you are feeling. what are your feelings on the matter?
what sort of work did you do before your pandemic?
of course. it's been pretty awful during the winter time but it's better now. i think that there are support groups and therapist programs available that you can use right now.
did you get any sort of scholarship? that's a good way to make money while still allowing you a future where you can still make a living.
that's a shame. personally i always try to stay very proactive with how i am feeling. do you have anything on your mind?
yes i have. i love to do sport and baking.
i also really enjoyed the novel and i thought about this earlier as well : )
that is nice. i have had cats before but not as good as a dog. they prefer physical contact as much as personal contact, they are not as nice.
absolutely! they need so much attention. i love dogs : )
that sounds like a great idea! i really hope you get to know your neighbors too.
i hope that this helps you get through this! you're a strong soul and i wish you all the best with your future decisions.
you can definitely make a difference in staying stronger than you think.
have you tried to talk to friends about these problems? i can't but i know others.
you're very welcome! have a great day!
i'm doing well. is there anything that needs to happen in your life?
what is going on? i'm ok, how is it going
it sounds like you have been fighting a lot of time. is that correct?
do you have any hobbies or interests that help keep you afloat?
yes i can tell how you feel. how long have you had this fight?
do you think it would be possible to talk to him about how you are feeling as well?
i understand the child troubles but the fact that he gets loud and acting this way shows me how broken up your marriage is
well they are the one's that are in the end so it really is their choice to act how they are. have you asked him to talk to you?
i think that it is very true. what do you think of some things you have tried to do to him to help? have you tried talking to him about the reasons you guys are having a fight?
okay. thats a very tough situation. you should look into a therapy program or counselling. have you tried any of that?
oh wow 20 jobs a day? that's a lot! you should try it. take the kids with you too!
and you can also check with your family member, if he's close to them.
sometimes we just need time to breath and relax. just calm down. be glad you are not working for this relationship.
that's the tough part. time sucks. you are doing the best you can
your welcome! thank you for sharing with me. have a great day!
your welcome. have a great day!!!!!!
what has happened? that is a tough time right now
how may i help you today? maybe you can chat with me about something you need to talk about
do you live in a better place or country for that matter?
are you on unemployment? that's where you can improve your situation
what are some things you have tried to do to feel better about your situation?
i would say do some research online about how to make ends meet and get out of it. try to put the positive energy into finding your new path
i know it can make things very difficult. at this point it seems like all we can do is sit and think about the future and have faith that things will be much better in the future.
it sounds to me that you are seeking a solution and you are choosing the best one
have you considered online work? there are also job websites, temp agencies and online temers.
you are qualified but nothing in this age has changed the way you see yourself. are there many other causes or beliefs in your current situation that could help you find something to do during this time?
yea i understand that you have a lot of student loans so you are definitely doing the right thing. what other things have you been struggling with?
yeah it's a lot for a student loan debt. you are the one who is in the beginning of a better situation right?
that is a good idea! i am sure you will find someone that can help with some of your student loans for sure!
are you able to find a job in a covid field?
it is so much harder to learn now that you know what is available but with more people putting their lives on the line you can do it!
you can also seek a list of retailers you would most likely want to check into, i know you could look into amazon. com
there are lots of online resources that help you learn things you don't need and then look for different options.
your welcome and i hope i was able to be of some help to you.
you are welcome : ) have a good night!!
bye and stay safe as well!!!!!!
thank you! you too! : ) your welcome!
why? tell, like what is going on? i'm sorry to hear that.
why do you feel that way? can i ask?
i know how hard that must have been to go through, but it is not fair that you wouldn't be able to trust him and that you made the right decision to do that. you should not blame yourself. if you trust yourself, it should be the rules.
i think you need to seek professional help from a professional.
i can feel how upset you are about this. it seems like he is fake
don't be sad about it. it will get better and you'll feel better.
i completely understand. he might not know how much you can trust and are afraid to even talk to you at this point.
at least that wasn't sexual. it's ok to cheat on you. but you should make sure to have a one sided affair.
i can tell by your previous messages that you have a lot to look forward to
do you think you can tell him what exactly he did?
you could try to spend some time together on your favorite thing and distract yourself with other things to do, such as exercise, or have some food or something to relax.
yes, i would talk to him with a journal for a bit and follow up with a cry list.
what about taking a step back and talking to a family member or you have some peace and quiet?
oh wow that's weird. i would be so upset too.
yeah. you have to forget about everything and try to focus on the positive. it's hard, but that's ok.
what about a bike park? if there's no tollin for it maybe you can go there.
that's not very fair of you, especially because you're in a relationship.
you can definitely learn a lot from this. you've got this!
you are very welcome. you are very welcome. goodbye.
how it sounds like a bad breakup? is there anything you'd like to talk about?
hi, so sorry to hear you are having a break. have you felt like this for a while?
is it possible to talk to a professional about this project, perhaps to your supervisor?
i am totally honest with you, i was stressed about my job too. i had to realitate a lot of responsibility. you cannot give up, you are not given control over that.
having a workemail or a journal is very helpful in keeping track of task to keep you in mind, and can include all the details that you can think of.
i see, my suggestion is to use a notepad and try to monetize some of the tasks as little as possible. it will really help.
have you ever tried the backup plan? it can help with the incentive to put in more effort.
and it will be the first one! we all dream about it and it will be a surprise to you.
good! that was fun, and good luck! maybe there will be other people who come and share your thoughts with you, and with you.
i am happy to help! you too! it's always nice to be on the same page as everyone else.
no problem! well, i hope i have been able to help you out! you will get through this!
i'm good. how can i help you, are you having a bad day?
what type of things do you do for work? what kind of activities do you enjoy? what would be a good start for you to try out?
i've tried lots of different things with my friends, what do you do with the time in your day?
is there a small group of people or group of people you are social with? do you work alone?
also, i found it good that i started focusing on my diet and exercise more. i'm a dedicated foodie who gets better sleep, eats better, and really helps me cope with my time.
i understand. and it's very hard when it's happening and you're in another building. is there a good outdoor place for you to just sit and listen?
i definitely get that. but exercise is great, and it's getting so close to natural it can be as exciting as your new build. i just have no idea what to do when my next exercises aren't planned
that's fair. do you have friends who you can talk to about it?
i would suggest trying to keep interest in the company of your friends if they're on your head. a good way to make an interest increase while staying connected with them. it's hard when friends are only there to provide company but you feel you are missing out on a lot, so it might be helpful to have a meetup organized in your neighborhood to keep your attention and interest away from your own personal interests.
do you live alone or with others? sometimes it helps to have people to talk to while you are there
that's good you zoom with them. do you like chatting with people who are more than friendly?
that is really good! i'm glad to hear that you are trying a lot to put yourself out there!
have you seen a doctor about these pandemic?
could you try to spend a few hours at a dog park on your day off and not go to the park?
my pleasure. i hope i helped! have a great day!
you're most welcome. are you feeling any better about the situation?
i'm very well, thank you for asking. is there anything i can help you with today?
what would you like to talk about? when are you feeling better?
what sort of goals do you aim for? are you feeling motivated to work on them?
yes, that is me! what's the situation you are in?
i think that you should pursue your goals so that you can achieve them. i know this is extremely hard, but just focus on things that will make you happy.
some people feel that things are too uncertain or too scary. is there anything in particular that you are worried about?
thank you for your patience. you will be great!
that is great! so many benefits are gifts and help can bring a lot of happiness to your loved ones. i'm really proud of you!!
you're very welcome. i am glad to help
thank you, you too! i hope you have a wonderful rest of your day.
sometimes things can be hard for us during the time we work. do you have any reason for that?
it seems like you are busy at work with a lot of tasks, but also very busy with your line manager, doesn't that seem odd?
it would be worth a try, the more money you make in addition to the time it's helpful to work from home, the more you will find a job!
do you think it would be wise to get to know the higher management and ask them why they were not hiring anyone else? perhaps they are having trouble dealing with the load.
i understand that. also, from chatting with others i can feel how difficult work can be for you and how anxious you are. maybe there is some therapy available to help.
i think there are a lot of people seeking positions in this pandemic!
don't forget to tell your coworkers what they're doing! they might not have all the support they need.
do you think that talking with them would help? there are plenty of mature people out there that don't need more instruction.
can i tell you, i'm a little bit embarrassed that i've never been able to get unemployment. it's a lot more paying but i don't think i will ever get through. that's what gets me.
oh i understand. i also work 14 hours a week. my job is sometimes too much.
yes i agree that 14 hours is a long time. i hope he can get his boundaries marshold. maybe you can talk to your boyfriend to explain that it's important to you that work becomes at least enough to stay well planned.
just have fun in your fun time. maybe take some walks in your area and ask if they want to go for a walk in your area?
that's an excellent idea. i would suggest telling him that, but then he needs to be paid.
that sounds a bit disregarding, i think it's perfectly normal to feel that way.
you might also want to talk to your boss to get your least help at this point. i believe that, it's up to you, what to do. if it doesn't work, you might want to just ask your manager.
i'm good. what is on your mind?
why do you think people are making fun of you? what do you mean?
i don't know what to say - they are people that are being mean to you. have you tried acting a little more formally and expressing your feelings?
do you think that all of this is temporary? if so, it might help to take some time to yourself. it might help to invest some extra cash into something you can afford later on. you'll probably not find yourself feeling bad for having poor fashion sense though!
you could always try to find a solution! i think you will find great fit for yourself.
have you thought about going to a grocery store and looking for some clothes to look like yourself? they can often have different types of clothes, especially for smaller sized people.
do you have a few friends you can talk to? that could be a way to help with your self esteem?
i am not a reaoursessive so i understand. i like to sew too! i think it could be used as a way to hide stuff from others. maybe seeing a next time someone is in a slump to enhance the look of themselves can be a way to adjust your appearance.
i can feel your frustration. especially from the few comments you are having. i think that it has to be very tough for you to even think about something like that.
i'm glad i could be here to encourage you!
good luck to you! you too! thanks for sharing!
you have to press quit and your choice will be welcome : ) )
it sounds like your loss of a friend is stressing you out. why do you think this happened?
that sounds really hard. i can understand how you feel. did she just not care or has she done everything she could to keep talking?
i'm sorry to hear that. i can understand how upset you are about this.
how does the argument get resolved? how long have you had this issue?
from what you've said so far, it seems to me like it would be nice if you were honest with them. you have honest, honest minds.
that's wonderful! i'm happy to hear that you are able to get over the situation. it will be okay to disagree with what you say, but it's important that you firm in your feelings and you're firm in your thoughts.
it seems like you're reconvince yourself that the friendship is over and that you can deal with it better than you'd like to admit. that's a good thing. but if you don't want to know why, you have to learn to accept that. you can discuss it with your other friend, or you can ask someone you're comfortable talking to about the situation.
i can see how that sounds difficult, especially since you were in a mutual relationship. however, your behavior and actions made you feel unworthy of friendship.
have you spoken to your friend about this? or, if she doesn't respond, have you tried any retalting with her?
you're welcome. i think you're going to have a great day. and good luck.
of course! it is not easy but remember to share your pain with the people that you love the most.
enjoy your day too! you too! : ) what would you like to talk about?
what do you think helped you to stay in touch with him?
wow, that sounds very difficult. tell me more about it!
it is completely normal to feel this way, but this is something that you have to keep going through.
i have also struggled with alcohol abuse as well. it is extremely difficult to control someone who are unaware of that.
it sounds like you have been let down by him trying to stop drinking. is it possible to tell him you don't want him to be a sober person and you just want him to stop?
are you able to talk to your friends about the reasons that he is not allowing you to see his sober members?
do you feel that he might be violent toward you if you continue trying the same solution over and over again?
it is hard, but it's a win win for you.
a lot of people share their experiences with alcoholics, so he should not care too much about your thoughts about it. i think that you have the right to say that you do not feel bad. that you will continue to give him advice because he will share your share with other friends and family.
i hope you are able to get some support from friends and family.
no problem! let me know how you do. i hope you have a good day and thanks for sharing!
no problem! best of luck. hang in there!
no problem, you will get through it! i wish you all the best!
you can do this! today will be a good day!
remember that you are stronger than this, that is the strength we need and believe in
thanks! i hope things go well for you! have a good night and i wish you all the best.
i am proud of you! you have done what you can to lift your spirits today. thank you for sharing!
how may i help you today? what are daunting you today?
is there a reason that caused your depression? you seem to be a very active person.
do you want to tell me more about this relationship?
what can you maybe change about yourself? do you feel like you can't achieve any better?
if i may assist, i would suggest that you rethink the diet? are you motivated to do more activity in order to stay in control of your weight?
what is it about your diet that causes you to feel unmotivated?
have you thought of trying to aim for a maintenance body weight?
it can be helpful to find a slow, intermediate weight loss plan which will be easier to maintain for you. this means that you will become less motivated to get to where you want to be and it will be more meaningful to you.
have you tried anything new with the new podcast called zumber?
i think you should start doing that as it can help both of you grow.
it can be hard to get back on track, i had a running problem in my younger life as well.
i wish you the best of luck! it sounds like you have come to a solid conclusion.
that sounds like an awful challenge. do you have any hobbies or interests?
you are welcome. please reach out and be positive.
hi there. how are you doing today? i am here to help you. how are you feeling?
would you like to talk about it? tell me more please.
it's hard to hear. it seems like you have not really tried to get help for yourself. are you feeling any change in your physical health?
do you think that you are able to find some way to stop your depression?
how old are your kids? did their grandparents tell you that they have seen a significant increase in the amount of infidelity and covid?
yes i am glad we are here to help you too.
my pleasure. it's great that you could have a conversation about this and if it's possible to discuss the situation, that's always a good starting point. i'm glad that you have an amazing family!
that sounds like a great idea. i know the best way to start is to get a ourselves advocate in place
i think it would also help to have less news about the holidays as well, and some people have to stay connected with their family during this time.
that's a good area to start. i'm sure you're not alone! you might also try to have a conversation with your husband about how you feel about his anxiety. this could help you fight off some challenges in some ways.
i hope that you all can take care of yourselves through this.
that can be frustrating, i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like it's really difficult for you.
is he receptive to your arguments? did you tell him what your reasons are?
i can totally understand how frustrated you are. does he have an opinion about that? do you have any sort of idea why he does that?
i feel that if he has no respect for you and you are okay with him choosing to do nothing, then you should let him know that you are sorry that he is disrespecting him.
just a thought i had as i had a friend that i had the same reaction to.
can you feel the tension between you two? maybe talk it out by chatting back on it in person?
i have. have you tried to see what can be done with an argument in person or online to give him an honest opinion? or if you think he might be a danger to his family?
i have had a few situations like that, and it does seem like it has been avoided. is it possible that this was just over a year ago?
what have you done to appear like you care about this person?
what would be the first thing that would make him mad about that?
it is my pleasure. i hope you are feeling a bit better after talking to me!
you too! goodbye! goodbye. : ) have a good night and a great rest of your day!
hello, this is joe! how are you? how can i be of service?
thank you for talking. how are being yourself. how can i help you?
do you have to wait until christmas to receive presents?
i'm sorry to hear that. i think everyone feels the same way. but hang in there! you'll get through this!
i know a couple people that are looking for a job outside of their field. you could try looking online and see what is out there.
what would be your start up? i am asking because i don't know what to start
ah that is tough. so are you following the trend of the pandemic in order to do your work?
yes, that makes sense. all the people working on home worked from work so they are looking for good remote work.
if you have a good enough computer, it might help to go to school
you sound intelligent and such an expert on skills. it's great that you put so much thought into this. you can start at your computer and get paid more.
thank you for talking. have a great day!!
that is great to hear. it seems like the amazon feedback is beginning to shine today.
so i can tell that you have already talked and taken the time to forward forward with your resume. have a wonderful day!
lol it depends on the interview. covid has caught up with hr and any issues are bilinguated.
the upside of covid is that we have more details to review and grow, as well as share with each other. i would say starting from your inside would add some new security to your security.
yes make sure you do it with nice clothes, an also you should show more passion, you can gain new respect as a worker
i would be more focused on looking good than reaching out to a company. this might make them appreciate your dedication.
maybe try building a new personal resume or make a template and get clients to apply for that
good luck with that. you could even create an online resume by phone calls or online sites.
hello! how. how are you doing? thanks for talking!
i understand. deadlines are really stressful for us at the moment too. can you identify which ones you are struggling with?
i think that's so stressful. it's tough to get through.
i can feel how much you've already achieved. i can't tell you how much that's helped with my depression, which is why i wasn't going to do university anymore. i could not do it at first and i felt like a complete desesmuate.
i completely understand. have you tried getting on social media to ask people about their studies? it's really helpful and helpful!
do you have any friends that you could talk to?
you might also check out online groups that you can join to build up a group.
i understand, it's a stressful time, but i think it'll be a great way to start.
i know it's probably hard, but you can do this!
i'm sure you will meet your expectations fairly soon! even things out and out will pick up with time!
if you've got some objective goals, you won't ever lose them, but you should maintain those realistic expectations. these goals need to go!
you're very welcome. thank you for talking!
how do you feel about your friend cheating on her husband?
i am sorry to hear that you feel that way. i know you can make her mad but your marriage will be even better for it.
i would say that it is very difficult to let someone like that close to you control who you are. when did the two of you begin to see each other?
do you think that there is someone who knows how to protect and respects your feelings? or maybe she is scared to discuss things with you, and perhaps she is in the wrong for her feelings?
i would keep it casual. i would be honest with my husband and his wife that was married to her husband. even if it is only for a short time.
my understanding of the situation is that you should be very kind to your friend. he is not going to see any harm in telling your husband and some more harm that way.
do you have friends who you can talk to? i know i have a few who i sometimes talk to and they tend to be more open about their feelings. do you feel like that is important for you to be close with your friends?
that is a very mature way of handling the situation.
i hope so as well! i think that you have a lot to work through with your partner.
i would suggest that you spend time with your husband to help you move on from this situation.
i am sorry to hear that. is there anything specific that seems to be happening to you that you's making you stressed?
oh no! are you worried that it might come from another place that you work? i can understand that.
that does sound very upsetting. i can't imagine how difficult this would be to stay afloat. have you thought of reaching out to employment hotlines for people who would want to stay at a job even if they don't get paid?
that's definitely the spirit. you've got this! hang on!
when i'm feeling low, i try and find a reference that has a little bit of income so that i can continue to look for a job while i'm waiting for the new year. i try to find information online and online in hopes of getting a call and sometimes i find a connection that way. but sometimes there are not connections. what things might be helpful?
of course! i'm glad to help. these things can be overwhelming.
that's wonderful to hear! i hope you get some help!
that's an excellent start! i know it's hard on us all, but i know it can be helpful when we feel overwhelmed. and i think i have found that individual counselling can really help! they can make you think for yourself, especially if you're feeling overwhelmed at this point.
yeah, i have tried it before and when i felt overwhelmed i would try a daily walk and listen to a quiet background noise while i worked out. i think you may also be surprised by how good of an activity you are to feel positive and updated as soon as you do. there are so many resources on the internet, what if we just typed " all day " and then started the survey?
you're welcome! i'm so glad i could help you.
thank you! you're welcome. you too!
hi, hi there! how are you doing?!?
could you tell me what you did? and what it was about?
i understand that. my friend used to do that. they also cheated on me, and i let them know in chat.
there may be a way for you to get back to how you were before she moved.
there is someone in that same situation. if she had just done something that wasn't agressive, i'm sure she would not be leaving without explanation. however, not everyone will do such a thing. maybe try to make it clear you still love her but she is not the one.
your welcome! have a good day! is there anything else i can help you with?
you can do it! it sounds like you're on the right track! : )
you've got people here and everybody's symbiotic relationship is one of the most beautiful things. there's nothing like being able to see all the good in people.
thanks you too! have a great rest of your day!
how are you doing? what's on your mind? it's kind of a difficult day to be able to do anything.
i'm good, what seems to be bothering you today?
wow.. how did you respond? had any counselling been there?
does this include your boyfriend? i can understand that being difficult... is there anyone in your life you can confide in who would have acted upon the experience?
tell me more about it? i'm sorry i can't help.
he can choose to disrespect you in any situation, especially if it's one sided. what's your feelings about this, if you don't mind me asking?
there are two sides to the story? when did you find out?
do you have any friends or family who could understand this?
what do you think would be your solution? is there someone who could have him lie to you?
i know you are missing someone, however, and i am pretty sure that you are handling it best you can, have you thought about telling your boyfriend?
exactly, what did your boyfriend do? what made you feel this way?
perhaps it will be different if you approach them one at a time. let's say, have a fight about what your feelings are, and then you want to have a relationship with them and for whatever reason you feel that way then, what do you think would be best?
i think that is the only way to end the conversation. you are better off just talking to them, but that does not mean they aren't interested in your answers
yes, i am afraid that is really toxic. i've been there and i've never been able to change. you will eventually make the first step, however, when you feel you are ready to move on, it will be better for you.
i think you should approach them with a somewhat similar approach, i have tried that and it works well.
if they are okay with that, that is great. have you tried contacting them and getting support from your parents?
of course anytime i am here for you anytime : )
you are welcome! if it helps you to talk about it, i can recommend a new hobby, you could even do some getting it down, it is a good way to reduce stress and improve your appearance
but, people can give reasons for what they think they need
okay. is there anything else you would like to talk about?
okay, thank you for explaining, have a great night.
it's always good to speak to people, even in situations that sound difficult
you are welcome, it really does help to vent to someone who can help you cope
do you know how it's affected you? are you in a position to get lost?
when did you start? during what specifically? do you have a coworker you can talk to?
so it sounds like your company has decided to give layoffs to 50 percent of their employees?
is there a specific reason you think you will be laid off?
i am sure that you will be able to find a job somewhere once the pandemic goes around.
i know it's very difficult to cope with the current current situation, but perhaps that is why we need to move on?
is there any chance of speaking to the company about your options? would you be willing to lay off one of your employees for extra income?
that is great, i wish you well! i know what that is like.
have you thought about picking up another hobby or activity that you enjoy? you could try to involve your family or friends or friends that you love to meet. maybe that will calm things down a bit. do you have a family member who would like to talk to you about this issue?
it sounds like you have a good plan and things will work out for you, that is all that's necessary!
you are not any worse off than any other person. depression is a real difficult time for everyone.
you are most welcome. i'm glad to be hearing your feelings. you deserve to be happy.
i'm so glad you are feeling better and feel that way. i hope you have a wonderful day and stay safe!
you're welcome! i feel the same way when it comes to life in general.
you are most welcome! have a wonderful day!!
i am doing well slander for my fellow american. thank you for asking.
how long were you looking back in school? i am wondering about your studies and skills.
i'm sorry to hear that, what did you do wrong?
was it a top school? or was it more of an entry - level one?
do you work in academia? perhaps an office or in class
you're welcome! i'm glad you were able to get some use out of it.
it sounds like you had a great paper! that will feel much better!
hello, and good evening! what is on your mind today?
how are you doing? would, how can i help?
i am doing well, thank you. have a lovely sunset and very tired.
that must be a strange thing for you to be seeing. i could never think of that...
have you been going into the outdoors a lot? what kind of things do you like doing on your off days?
is it possible to give it another try? i know it can be difficult to lose someone in a long time but the right perspective can help.
it is really normal for a friend to tell you that he's only acting. you were mature enough to realize that you made a difference for the better in the long run.
i just wanted to thank you for sharing that with me as it has made a difference in my situation. do you want to share it with me?
same here! you as well! you can't feel ashamed anymore as we have gotten better with our friendship.
can you tell me more about your life? how can i help?
i am very sorry to hear that. so it sounds like you are depressed.
i understand what you are saying. i have also struggled with this. i think it is completely normal to feel distanced about these kinds of feelings. what are you talking about by chance?
are you able to try any new activities, such as listening to music? it might help to find a hobby that you enjoy doing.
i am sure that will make you feel good and take things one day at a time. if you are able to get out and do things in your own time, that will really give you a chance to be part of the fresh air.
you as well. have a great day. we will get through this.
i have worked in counseling as a therapist for about ten years now.
yes i am a student, i had to speak to my advisor last year about my situation and he was very understanding and willing to listen.
you are welcome. feel free to add any questions you might need if you would like.
i hope that you have a wonderful trip. also, i have been through a lot on my own. i wish i felt happier more often. i think i would feel better if i had someone to talk to more frequently but i hate burdening my children or husband with my sadness > thank you god is with us. thanks again! just god is with us. thank you for sharing your personal and future perspective on the event. it is a lot of heartache when we have no idea what
i understand completely. holidays can be stressful but i think it's worth it
i am so sorry to hear that. i know how that feels, especially with the pandemic going on and no travel.
i think your feeling is correct, you feel stressed and sad about the pandemic. how do you feel about getting together with friends or family while you are away?
i understand. for me it's really hard to stay busy to do anything. are you having any contact with your family?
i completely understand, have you tried following a tutoring group of people who you don't know very well?
i understand your feelings completely. we are going to go to the grocery store this christmas with one of my coworkers to get groceries. if i could fit in shoes i would, i would buy lots of antidepressants. it seems like you are very self aware.
it sounds like you really love the outdoors! have you thought about joining a gym?
unfortunately, our culture has really put a lot of pressure on ourselves to be in the best shape possible to solve the pandemic. it's hard to express to people without worrying too much.
i agree, it has been a really tough time right now.
was it a rough time for you in the pandemic?
i do live in the area that cold, the sun hasn't been directly above 60 degrees on august 1st so you could at least try an activity that doesnt make you depressed,
my pleasure, i'm very sorry that you're concern. what are you concerned about?
that sounds like a very frustrating situation. i know it's hard, but you can do it!
i see. so you have started trying to play video games to combat your stresses? do you also lose interest in reading, tv and reading? do you have any other hobbies that you enjoy, such as reading, or painting?
are you a self care, business person? i have a large family, with a house full of new hobbies, so i can understand that you are seeking some comfort in your efforts to achieve this goal.
i think you might be having a worry over your abilities. there are a lot of natural fears in video game combat where you won't be able to keep your head down due to fear of being hit.
maybe. there are organisations that can recommend you some counselling and suggested therapy. maybe, they can work with you and see how you feel. have you tried that yet?
has your school normally done some sort of liveting activity? have you thought of doing any hobbies or other activities to help your daycare system in the future? i know it's hard to see, but even in the holidays you get some fresh air.
ah, i see. then maybe if you take a calm step to realize the assignments are due, you might be able to become a more active student in the future, for example, maybe a competitive online workload?
perhaps there is a place where you could meet and talk about this issue with your school counselor? maybe you should ask there and see if they can talk you out of this.
it is one thing to invest a lot of time, but you mentioned that you aren't doing anything yourself at all. if you do not do your work at all, how are you going to move forward with your grades?
maybe they would have an idea of how your grade is going up? i could see if there are vocational suggestions. it may help in the long run to get through school
yes, i think it's not for everyone. that is a hard time to be in your own team. i think you will find that as you continue to get better you will find that the toxic is your problem.
i think that it would be good to take on some lessons from someone who might actually understand the issues you have but would not just repeated them over and over.
thank you! i hope you do too! i know how frustrating it can be to hear other people's perspective.
you as well : ) this is making me very happy and feel good.
what do you think are the cause of the pandemic?
any particular reason why you feel this way? can you tell me?
yeah, it sounds like that is very difficult. i completely understand.
you too! i think we can all accomplish a great deal in our lives.
well that's an excellent start, and you're doing great with it! thanks. have a nice day!
lol, yeah, i would be surprised too. some people in your situation are going through a similar situation and think all the normal stuff just isn't going to feel as necessary.
yes, it is tough times for all of us and we have the right tools to control ourselves. it has been a lot of extra security to us but we just have to stay careful and keep our eyes on the watch for that.
oh you're a proud parent and a lady. that is something.
have you tried a different kind of workout? there's a lot of different kinds of exercise available, but this is more options
you're welcome! i hope i have been able to help you!
yeah, that makes sense. i think you need to think about what you would have done if you weren't going to gamble and compromise and not doing what's out there. it is a shame you've lost your job to pursue things that are taking your mind off of things that need to be done. have you considered going for advice from your boss to figure out a way to help a new employee?
in the short term, though, are you having a lot of success in having plans to relax? i know it can be hard to do.
oh you were prequitted for you work, that is brave of you. i can understand that, too. it feels like you are being ripped off or punished. are you thinking of switching jobs?
it really is! i had a hard time thinking the other way, because my own opinions don't mean anything, right?
it was a pleasure speaking with you! you sound like a good yourself to speak on how you're feeling.
you are one of those people so i'm sure it's not completely out of the question. there will be some online too.
good luck!!! i hope this is a new year and we can get through this.
i'm glad you're okay! do you feel better soon?
your welcome. good luck with everything! hope you have a wonderful holiday season.
i'm glad to hear that. so glad that i could be of some help.
thank you, you as well. have a great day!
you too. stay safe out there. i hope i was able to help you.
ah, i understand that. so what seems to be the problem?
that's a really tough thing to deal with, and i can see how you're definitely worrying about it during this pandemic.
well it seems to me that there might be a way to combat this fear and think that there is an intelligent person out there out there who will figure out a way to keep the game going until we find out.
i see. are there any hobbies you'd like to have in your area, or is this just general worry you're having?
that's a good idea, sometimes we just have to stay informed and make sure there's some kind of protocols, such as that
i used to keep in touch with my friends about things, they often valued my volunteering activities.
in any given moment, i think it's my duty to stay informed. i focus my energy on the bright side of the day.
you are very welcome. i really enjoyed chatting with you. have a good one!
sounds like a plan. thanks for sharing, and i hope the rest of your week goes well!
i have a bit of anxiety at the moment myself. so my suggestions are to remember to appreciate the fact that you're not alone in this.
i can understand that feeling. some people are secretly working towards something that they know will work for them. sometimes it helps to give yourself a break.
you are welcome. i hope you have a good day.
why do you feel that way? do you feel that it is something, a symptom, of a major change?
i am sure you will find the right solution. but please keep pushing on and don't let it get to you.
i can understand your frustration. are you having problems with social circle or the food food pandemic?
ok! why do you feel that way? if he is being honest with you, then you can feel better. however, if he is trying to avoid this situation, then you should try to find another friend or family member who is not a conflict of interest.
what led to the end? is the relationship still open?
is it possible that you can think of ways that you can go out with friends or just play video games?
that is understandable, but try talking to him about you. or learn from him as a family.
i can understand that you are frustrated because of the long reach. but, i would suggest reaching out and saying thank you to his wife and it may help you to recover emotionally.
are you working? have you tried virtual support groups?
i am sure that it will take time to get over all this.
or try to find new friends and family. if you want to be with your best friend, ask them to see you.
good, please take care and make yourself happy. remember your family. do you have a friend?
i am so happy to know you can go back and be productive. please seek some positive news.
ok good luck to you as well....
oh no! what happened? did your school give you any reason why you are anxious?
sometimes i worry about school work as well, but i do try to make myself aware of that while i'm in classes. have you sought out an alternative solution to this issue?
i am totally understand. i can feel you. my mother had a rough time with school and her grades were different for me. she really helped me through that, though. it helps to keep your head in the sand.
when i am stressed, i give myself a break from being stressed and think about ways to give myself a little break. it can be helpful to remember what kind of challenges i've come up with. for example, if you're focusing on finals, what do you think you should put into your book?
i know how much it's hurtful when parents feel pressure for themselves. but parents do have to think on the bright side of things.
that sounds very hard on you. i think you need to tell your mom that you don't feel like you deserve to be in college if your parents are doing their best for you.
when i was a student in college, a student always understood how much of a challenge the material was.
yes, it definitely does, especially with money. but that doesn't change the fact that it hurts you emotionally, as if it has not impacted you at all.
i would suggest talking to her then, if that will be possible. do you think you can tell her that you would like to do well in your classes but aren't financially stable enough to see her as a valuable partner?
but it might be worth looking into if you are nervous about that. are there any other colleges that you could explore? maybe on a daily basis?
do you talk to her about this? if not, you could start to talk to her at first to let her know you are overwhelmed with how much you are hurt and how stressed you are about her financially.
that's a great way to stress me out. i also tend to have a lot of doubt when it comes to grades too. if i feel like i might not be doing very well at something, i usually don't bother to do anything else to prepare.
that's a big part of it, but i think it is important to stay focused.
i think you need to find new friends and not fall into the same group that can't do the same things you are doing
how have you been managing your stress during this time?
you seem like you are a nice person. you deserve to feel better, and you don't sound like the echo chamber i think you deserve to be in.
sometimes, a business deal can be good. do you think that your friends can help you with your relationships during this time?
i hear you. i think that you have a great idea on what to do when you have a problem with social settings, though i'm not sure that would help at all.
hi, there! how are you doing? how may i assist you?
is the presentation about a specific subject or is it a daily event?
can you tell me more about it? can you clarify what caused the stress and make sure it is in front of you?
i understand what you are saying. i once had a bad experience with the nervous system, and i had to take steps to try to deal with it. it is a hard time but you have to keep your faith.
yes i can see where that might be causing you to feel like you are in a bad place, however i think you should take a couple of notes in case. perhaps one of these notes for each presentation?
another thing i do is try to look for any good competition and give them a chance to grow. i love my time with the internet and other outlets.
do not worry, people will see you and i believe you can do it!
it has helped a lot for me in the past. i look forward to seeing my neighbors around a lot and it's easy to see all the good opportunities
have you ever suffered from anxiety when talking to others on the stage before?
at the very least, you will eventually meet someone, whether you're in the uk or the us. what if you feel you need to become a professional or find yourself on the internet again?
you're welcome! i hope that i was able to help and let you know how it goes
what would you like to talk about? i am good too.
so sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family that can support you through these feelings?
i see. that is a very good reason to feel that way. many of these causes are caused by poverty, there are many other factors that play a role in why people feel this way.
from personal experience, i think the best solution to this is taking a hard walk and getting some exercise, doing some hobbies that you enjoy and experiencing fresh air. have you tried any of those techniques in your life to make you feel better?
i can see your frustration. the good news is that we can access both the internet and phone calls, even as a adult.
what i have found when i reach out to friends, family or people that are close to me can sometimes help me deal with these feelings in a positive way. you may not have even met someone in person in the first place
you could try meditation. sometimes meditation will help you feel better
did you ever talk to your friends and family about this?
yeah i know, it sucks because we are still at a legal standpoint but we can just accept that you have to get on with the rest of your life, eventually.
yeah, and even with the vaccine, we can try to get a call from a doctor or professional to see if they have any solutions for you.
that's true, but i know there are ways you can get into job hunting that will be better if you get a part time job
i am glad i could be a bit of help. have a great day!
thank you. yes, it is normal to feel lonely.
okay. are you sure you know everything about the assignment at the time?
that's awesome! and there's nothing wrong with drinking. drinking and talking with people can help and have positive thoughts to!
that would certainly seem... nostradament!
what grade will you be learning? are you a competitive student?
i think all you have to do is never drinking before the paper too
do you have a friend that you can go with and talk with?
anyway, i've been studying today and i had to prepare for tomorrow's test so i think you have done the plan. if you are still here i'd highly suggest trying to avoid alcohol so you don't feel like you wasted too much time at school and then after your paper is over you can think about other things you could do in the days to 2021...
i was going to suggest brisket and drank a spinach as well
take a hit of shrooms and blow some of the steam inside into your eyes and go crazy
the dude probably thought shrooms was immortality and would say to himself that if you grow your own mushrooms the world is full of surprises. maybe this is how the truth will find the root of the issue.
we're all human at our own level : )
what is your major? i know engineering is a tough field.
you're right, studies and trying to figure out the future mean it will become harder to get your goals done and harder to get by.
i would definitely recommend it! my husband and i are doing it for our school since it's so safe.
i hope that you do well in the test : )
i'm so sorry to hear that. is it stressful to you?
hmm. are you supposed to submit it? if yes can you please explain.
do you feel you will be relieved when you get that deadline?
i completely understand that, but i know you will work through this.
i think that might be the best strategy. the extra hours is really more important.
yeah, it's not the same. but at least you have some memory of being in a hurry. and it will help with understanding what is coming and it will help clear your head.
yes, you can. you are already doing that and it doesn't seem too hard. that is so great of you.
i like to speak about the situation, or remember it is a stressful moment... put a piece of paper with a value ball in front of it. put a study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study study
good, it will feel good. what will you do with the energy?
you are welcome, feel better. i am happy to listen and practice as well. enjoy your evening!
hello i am sorry, i didn't get you perchance
i am sorry to hear that. have you had a rough day?
ouch that must be devastating, so it must be a tough time for you to see her.
i can understand how difficult that is to be with people who are so far away. i know that this is a very difficult thing to go through
i know that it would be nice if you could. i don't think its a problem though, she will not take away your happiness. i think you just need to find someone to talk to, unless you can't do it with someone and you are scared
indonesia is beautiful. i think it's called boxing
its good that you seem to be focusing on the process and taking steps to solve it, so it is a good start.
so you are worried that the quality of your fiancé's marriage will fall apart or will your fiancé not come back anytime soon?
in that case, make the plan. you need to make the most of the difficult situation. and if the situation is terrible, maybe you can make the decision to change your fiance so he doesn't see you as a problem.
you too! thanks for talking. have a wonderful day!
you too : ) we need to celebrate holidays together at the end of the week.
you too!! hope you are having a good time!
i'm good too. how are you? would you like to media advices> youtube link?
it sounds like you might not want to be together and have feelings for him.
have you ever thought about getting a relationship to be honest?
you sound like you want to feel better about yourself right now. is there anything you'd like to talk about?
it's not all about the physical. it's more about the distance between you two.
it sounds like you are worried about what is in life, so try to focus on what you have in mind and not dwell on the upsets and other issues that may be present.
i think that you will find someone if you keep trying. i think you just need to think about it and see what things are. maybe you will find the right girl and you won't feel like a loser and you won't settle down and you will find someone that will fit your personality.
you sound as though your brain is not good at communicating emotions, such as it does for us as a whole. is that accurate?
is it possible you could have seen your current relationship developing and realized the connection wasn't the same for you?
sometimes guys will have the same thoughts as you about the other person in their mind.
ok i can tell from your messages that you are really interested in learning a lot. is there anything else you wanted to discuss?
you're very welcome! take care and take care of yourself!
i'm doing okay, it's cold so i have to go outside as usual, what about you?
why are you feeling bummed? whats wrong?
wow that's really toxic so tell me that you feel that way?
that's great that your at the company and you know that everything will be alright.
i feel that you have been able to stay at your job due to covid as you are in the company
yes, i have in the past.. when i was looking for a new job i was offered a discount at my job.
i agree, at the end of the day we have to find ways to keep our job. unfortunately there is no reasonable reason to cut pay, in my opinion.
do you think there is anything else i can help with?
i work in support and it's more simple.
i am at home rn so i have no extra time. also i did recently just build up an ad site on instagram and that helped us to start off small.
i don't think you should do that but if you enjoy it maybe you can become a different career you love
of course i hope you have a great time. be safe and be careful
no problem : ) have a good night!!!
hi. how are you doing today? it's beautiful here today.
i'm so sorry to hear that, i'm so happy to hear that. me too.
i understand how you are feeling. have you considered looking online and looking for a new job? i know it can sometimes be helpful to have some of your money saved by deserving of a higher wage.
have you tried to talk to someone about what the issue is? maybe a crisis on your part could distract you?
i'm totally understand. i think it could be a good option to try! it is such a challenging job. i feel like if you have the ability to find another job that would benefit you, you should try it!
i'm so proud of you! i believe in you!
can you consider looking for a new job after you feel ready to move?
that's great to hear. i hope you feel better about your options.
you're welcome, and i wish you well on your search!
i'm glad i could help! goodbye!...
that's too bad. i'm sorry to hear that. breakups are hard and make you feel more ashamed than happy.
i am sorry to hear that you are feeling sad. breakups are very hard. can you tell me more about how you are feeling?
i am so sorry you are going through that. i am so sorry, i had a girlfriend and not me. you have done great and it is good that you are talking about it.
there is nothing wrong with that. did you find out what was wrong?
i am sorry to hear that. i would suggest talking to your wife, even if it is not a large deal and it is a huge deal. the fight might be over if you know you cannot control this.
some people do it without thinking of it. perhaps you should consider letting her know you want to spend time with her and that you really want her to stop being the way she is.
i am not sure if you should say no, you seem to think you should.
i think you should just explain that you do not feel right how you treated her and the fact that it was a break up, i hope that helps.
absolutely. i'm glad we could be of help.
do you mind telling me what your job is? i'm sure you will find something that will make you happy.
so you're working in a deadend role but you don't know when you will find out.
perhaps you could consider looking for a new job? i did do something similar back when i worked for walmart for a while.
has anyone here been able to help you financially work out of your loop, even if it is temporary?
ah i completely understand. from my own experience, finding a job that wasn't very fulfilling or fulfilling isn't as fulfilling as what you are feeling, either. i have been in your shoes before. it doesn't seem to work out either way.
do you have any ideas of ways you could make sure you get out there? there might be another way to earn some kind of income or maybe even change up your appearance.
i would talk to your manager and be very firm.
i am sure that you have felt this way before... i understand you are feeling depressed and struggling to accept it.
well i think you could consider looking for a new job to keep the mental state going. maybe have it be for one that would offer a fresh perspective on things and maybe even someone else that can relate to your situation.
i'm glad to hear that and i'm sure this will help your job happiness. it's great to talk to your boss and see how he thinks you can change the situation. i believe in you!
personally, i have found that exercise can help me make new memories even if it takes awhile. there are meditation and exercise exercises that can improve the mood and stress of your life, and there are also many other activities to reduce stress.
it sounds like you have a lot going on and that you are making progress with your job and friends. is there anything you are interested in doing for now?
i totally understand! and you can do it! sometimes you just need to get things done, too. do you have any hobbies that you find fun that you enjoy doing?
you are so welcome! and i hope everything works out for you.
you too! thank you for talking to me too.
