what problems do you have? i can definitely relate to that.
could you tell me a little bit more about what happened?
that sounds like a difficult situation. what about the students that did not follow what the professors told them?
when i was younger i was nervous too about how my grades were but the schools had such a great teaching system, especially in the fall because of how much they taught the subject. i worked hard and learned all the materials that i needed to go on it. the quality of the course did not improve.
is it possible for you to take a class with only one or two students? or is it worth getting involved in a group chats with someone you know?
it is definitely a stressful time, but you can go out to the college, take some deep breaths and take care of yourself, and then do a meditation or something like that if you need a help.
that is a great idea! sometimes when we are stressed, we should keep you busy, for that you should also be busy studying, get your book, learn a new subject, and reward yourself with fresh air
i believe that, it is very well paying, and in some parts of the world, it is part of the master's program, so you are very likely to get a good scholarship
then the best bet is to reach out to the school administrator and let them know how you feel. that's what i did. and if you feel like you don't get enough help from them, try to find ways to improve yourself.
glad to hear that! good luck with the exams!
bye!!!!!!!!!!
oh no, that's not good at all! i've been in that position myself.
maybe you can go to hr? i have had that happen at work before, and you know how frustrating that can be.
i see, do you think that your boss thinks you are treated unfairly in the workplace?
maybe you could tell her a different line of business, since you've been working there all this time, that it might be possible to keep things interesting, while she's still in charge of her own life and training.
can you tell them if you are going to report it? or if you might be caught in another office giving out useless information?
the company sounds to be a better place to talk to that could help get things going at least.
well at least you are talking about it with your manager! is that the case for you with the coworker?
i feel that you deserve to be heard and know what you are doing. maybe even find out that you have learned a valuable lesson from this one.
it sounds like you really are frustrated with the situation. i would suggest talking to your cohr manager as well.
exactly. they are not listening to you, they are listening to the source.
i'm doing good, im going to be fine. what about you?
ok so he wasn't right for you in the deal? i understand that.
how did that make you feel? did you go ahead with it or offer to support him?
i can feel your frustration. i would not have done that to my friend, either. i would have told him he is not my friend and to stop being such a horrible person. i'm sorry you have to deal with that. i think the best thing you could do now is learn from this situation. the money you got was a gift that he can give you back, not just to your friends, but his own, so you can say you are that great person that you are making
you have the power to decide if he wants to pay you back or not. perhaps it was just the bad part about how much you were working together that was making you feel worse.
what are you going to do? tell him how much you would like him to spend on it, if he is willing to?
definitely! maybe if you were in a position of power.. you'd have won.
yes, this would be easier. you can basically stay connected with your friends over the web as well as the company.
yes, thanks! the chance of colluding with me has increased since i was chatting with you.
hi. it's been a pleasure chatting with you! how are you today?
how can i help you today?! how can i help you today?
do you know that things have been going down as well?
it sounds like it was a really tough time for you as a customer, i am so sorry that this has happened to you. i do know it must be very hard to go through something like that.
you are very welcome! i am so sorry to hear you are laid off, i hope that i could be of help.
do you think your next manager will be all the same?
i think that is a big issue that needs to be dealt with. i understand your frustration.
just get a certification that will improve your chances of getting a job. when i was hiring, i saw a lot of nad stuff coming out of my interview and it made sense that they might be doing things right. do you have anyone you can get a tattoo from?
i am sure that might be an idea to try, and i know that i personally wouldn't.
i've actually done that before and it has worked well for me. it does help ease the stress and allows me to talk about my problem with everyone!
that's great news. i think your company can find the right balance and are in a better place.
i am very glad to hear that, thats a great way to think.
i think that if you really think that you are wonderful and your colleagues are not, maybe you could explore new things. is there something specific you want to talk to them about?
it sounds like you are really stressed and youre worried about not being able to see or listen to them. that might be the reason you might not be having a better work day at all.
im happy you reached out to me today, and i hope your day goes better. take care of yourself.
no problem. your a real life version of yourself and you are an awesome person so you can do whatever you want. best of luck to you!
you are welcome. i enjoyed speaking to you as well. i hope you have a great day.
you too. bye. bye!!!!!!
oh i'm sorry to hear that! how do you feel dying?
i am sure you will be okay and if it has been hard to fall asleep then i am sure there is something we can do in order to help you and it will help you to seeing yourself in a better light.
i did yoga 2 hour before i went to sleep one hour before bed and it worked for me and i have found that is great for the brain.
i put my legs and arms in the morning so my body didn't move. this way i will stay asleep until i find a good rest and relaxed for a bit.
also i am sure you will sleep better in the morning and that's all you can really do.
or any active activity. just take one day at a time.
just a regular breathing exercise would be good to start then do some other exercises
well, you are a tired and exhausted person so you probably will and you will also feel better about it.
that is great. i am sure you will soon see the improvement.
i was a bit angry but also had feelings of comfort
it felt like you were breathing unnecessarily and my head wasnt in the right place.
i am doing well, but thank you. how are you?
from the beginning of your conversation i gather that you feel that you are out of a job due to lack of funds and the situation is affecting your financial security. how can i help you tonight?
i understand. the good thing is there are a lot of opportunities for those who have recently taken on these jobs.
i hear you on that. i have also been with a lot of really bad economic hit in the past. we can't always work without our current type of work. what field are you looking for?
i understand, being unemployed can be a financial challenge especially since you are not always in the same position as you want. however, to truly get out there in the world, you have to stay motivated. i know it may be frustrating when you need to wait out this little bit of time, but if it was me, i wouldn't hold my breath until my next go. you must be extremely intelligent to take the time to enjoy life, and you are doing yourself a huge credit for that
i think focusing on what would be most fun would be a great idea
i am in the same boat! i took several courses while i was at school. i've enjoyed them even more now.
i would suggest going back to school. you will be better at it, and if you get a big scholarship, you will be better at continuing school and having more success with your work.
you could try taking some courses online or through the internet.
yeah that's true i can't think of any of those things.
i find it amazing that covid employed many people this long. not just in the us, but in other countries as well
sometimes temping can be a good idea. maybe you could get a job as a temporary temporary temporary temporary permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent
hello, hello, how are you? what can i help you with today?
i'm sorry to hear that. tell me about it.
so she doesn't know you're feeling stressed out and you're feeling like you want to see her more?
would you be willing to chat again with her? or perhaps tell her to close her eyes and let her know how you are feeling?
are you ok with just saying goodbye? what has brought you joy today?
i understand completely how you feel about that. in fact i think it may be good to try to reach out to her. perhaps that would make you feel better about this!
it seems like you are more committed to being a good friend than she is. it sounds like you have a great amount of emotional support.
oh it's wonderful that you are open to getting back to the ground. i'm sure you will find someone wonderful in new again. you seem like a really good friend and you're having some fun with the new life. are you looking forward to 2021?
you can do both. either way, you have the right to say you do need space, and that the time is just as important as the distance between you and your husband.
of course. i am glad we are able to chat with each other, and let you know how it is going.
hi good afternoon, how is life treating you today?
i've definitely felt the same way during the pandemic too. you don't want to only feel like you're learning rather than your own classes.
so, you are worrying about making connections at university?
have you thought about uber eats eats? it's basically free.
i think that's a great area to start. the other thing about programming and excel... it can be really helpful with your application as well.
i have been in the same shoes, i had to drop out of college when i was in the same situation as you.
there's also a school counselor you can talk to as well.
no problem, i hope you have a nice day!
i think it is a good idea, tell me what your problem is with your exams?
your welcome - take care! : ) thank you for talking and good luck!
i hope i have been able to help with some of your future problems!
are you sorry about it? is there something wrong with your routine?
thats awesome. it is beautiful today and i think its beautiful out here as well.
yes i feel like the covid vaccine will help control the new variant of corona.
yeah that will help control the new version of corona. i think that is where the vaccine will first roll out.
how do you feel about precautions against you and your partner?
i am not working in frontline. i really do care for the rights and protection of children that are within the rights to have it.
no way! i work remotely and have no idea what kind of side effects or symptoms i am trying to avoid. are you able to take any rest for a while while you are at work?
that sounds like a lot of hard work. in your line of work i know you feel that you are well suited to the job. is that right?
that's wonderful! no problem. you can start a new job online too if that's all you are doing.
you are very welcome! i hope i have been able to be of some comfort to you.
i'm doing good, thank it was nice meeting you.
would you like to elaborate? i'm sorry to hear that.
what do you mean by your university career is a dead end?
i can imagine how frustrated you are. i have also been in college for a long time. i can understand how it can be overwhelming.
no i did not have to. but i was on a team with a few of them. we didn't make a huge deal of it. we put our hours on paper and study the exams ourselves. it was kind of like being in a car. i've never had that experience and i can't imagine the difficulties. you are most certainly not waste your time to put effort into education.
yes i have. in my life though, i have had similar experiences in a similar field. it was difficult to take the time to learn new skills. it's my experience that's valuable in the world.
you definitely are putting a lot of resources in this degree, and the fact that it does not make you stand out is definitely something you will achieve!
just to clarify, do you think your attending college is a good place to start looking for opportunities to get a degree?
i don't think we're alone in feeling that way, and for all of us we can do in the case of this situation, i think we all have to appreciate that we have the tools, and that's a very good skill!
this is what you're saying. are you committed to working right now?
what do you think might be the reason behind this?
do you need help in any other job? is there any opportunity to find a new job?
in what way was it like? did you just feel stuck in a new work place or something?
have you ever gotten in touch with hr? maybe they can help.
one thing i can say is that you are not one of her employees, that's why you should get out there, you never know how she will treat you
a lot of people don't realized they don't have to worry about not getting paid, they are likely to lose their income and not be able to travel to different places.
i am still in school and have been given many grants, that does not mean i want to leave the home.
sounds like you are doing well. you are being very honest.
that is very true. i am proud of you for being such a leader.
i would also find out what's going on with your family and see what sort of moves you could make to ensure that you don't leave.
have you spoke to your boss? you should! this can cause problems for him if he doesn't listen.
hello is there anything you would like to discuss? i am here for you.
i see, maybe trying to pick up some important things that you like to do will make you feel better?
how much have you done freelance work? and is there anything that makes you feel accomplished?
what kind of work are you doing? what sort of books? what do you work on?
how many days have you done freelance work? what type of work are you interested in?
i can definitely understand that. the lockdown has really got things things in perspective for you.
do you have any pets? have you gone for any walks? have you ever tried any hobbies that help?
i can see that it's not pleasant and i'm sorry to hear your uncle has covid. the modern days are tough but what can i do to keep this down?
that sounds like a great idea. as long as you aren't wearing too much and not spending too much time outside you can definitely get some exercise.
have you ever tried to meditate with the sun? or hobbies like your book? they can help you defresh air.
you're welcome. i hope you feel better soon. i'm glad we can chat today.
you're very welcome, and i wish you all the best in the future.
hey you are doing a good job. how can i help you today?
does this account bring any problems to your attention? such as a virus?
yes i have to agree she is the worst. i myself have a long time friend that is like this.
it's not worth it to see the issue of her considering you are not the boss
that is just her 2021 and she has every right to ignore you
maybe she's feeling the way you feel because you decided to try and do something for your own benefit
i would do it for you, don't let it consume you
yes i would say to her next door and tell her how you feel
of course, you can do it in person but let it off from her and get her number first as you have to get a hold of her and be happy
i would tell her how i feel, and say bye
what about getting a divorce? do you feel like that is possible at the moment?
how are you feeling about it? is there a way you could share your feelings with her and that is something you could suggest?
i am not sure what options you will have, i hope it is something simple
you are welcome, may i know what time you were supposed to be sitting down?
you too : ) good luck, just know that it is not the end of the world
i'm really sorry to hear that. i can understand how you feel. do you have a happy ending?
i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds like you have a lot of research to do. did you search for new jobs?
have you tried to talk to a therapist? do you know what their strategies are?
i have been in situations where i lost a job and also lost a job and they laid off me off. i was also in a similar situation that you are in and lost a job that i was really interested in.
are you a student? it is a good place to start if you haven't already?
thank you for talking! i am proud of you as well and would not call yourself out for not reaching out for a support.
yeah i am thinking of starting a new job and getting help with it. it's a good thing to make an effort. i've done the same myself before and found it helpful.
not a problem. i hope you find a job you like!
i know it may seem hard right now but i know that things are all in your best interest. you will get through this!
thanks for sharing your feelings and my concern. i know that it will take time but you are worthy of support.
you as well and stay safe. you can go online and search online and do tasks if you can get past the tough time. i am sure that things will work out for you!
great! i am happy to listen. what other aspects would you like to discuss or opinions on?
my side is yours and i can leave anytime. thank you so much!
your welcome, i hope this session has been a good one.
hello is there anything on your mind today? i could use a little resolution.
i can see it now. is there anything specific that is bothering you?
what is the program like? how have you been working so hard?
you are upset about losing your job? what do you mean?
is it possible to find a part time job at a local university or career center?
do you think that this is possible for you to speak out as much as possible?
yes, that's the right sort of help. people who were through tough times and experienced to need the help of a job consultant. and i believe you can talk to other college professors, or others who could help with your situation, so you may be able to talk with people that are actually helping you.
my goodness. i hear you on that. if you could get from home to your work from home and you could afford a better home, i think that would be a great position to be in.
that is great! your skills are definitely important to being able to find a work. have you considered becoming a student or working from home?
i hope that you find something that interests you. maybe you can find something more suited for your career. i know that i would use different skills to be a more suited job.
ok, that sounds like a good start. are you getting any applications for the job?
of course! i am happy to help. if there is anything else i can help with, feel free to chat.
i am good, thanks. how are you doing on your day?
are you at least getting enough rest during the day? what do you think is causing the most youning?
are you able to adjust your hours? i have found that it has helped me quite a bit. do you have any other issues?
what are some of your daily routine changes that you've noticed?
i have a friend who's had this same problem before, she's in a really tough situation though. it is a bad problem for many, but it does not mean it isn't a problem for you. i think that when it comes to issues like this, it's helpful to do it gradually. the sooner you change the routine, the better the sleep is going to feel!
great idea. it's a great idea that you're considering as well.
i would recommend that. i used to get bok: active with a few soft podcasts and i found that it's really good for my mood.
have you considered practicing one day at a time outside of school and find that to be helpful?
having a 70% success rate in the morning makes me happy to feel less tired.
ah i'm also familiar with tracks. their podcast was really helpful!
i suggest talking to your doctor. it's also good to know that there are support groups for all types of sleep problems!
when i need to relax i listen to a podcast called tracks.
maybe you could try out a week time sleep mask in the dark?
of course! i wish you all the very best.
i think things will be better when you do meditation. you never know what it could be, or why.
i hope you have a wonderful evening as well!.
i am really sorry to hear that. would you like to tell me why s"?
i'm sorry to hear that. how has your friend died?
i understand. i had a friend die recently and it made me sad. he was a pretty nice guy though.
i hear you. i've also lost someone before and was very similar in that way. i can understand how difficult it is for you to not get out from him and the way that he was feeling.
how do you know he's not, if not by our conversation?
i would try to talk to someone professional about your feelings of self that they are generally aware of.
oh, wow. is there a way that you can minimize the value of sleep once you have trouble sleeping?
i can understand that. would you be concerned about how he talks to you while you are sleeping?
well, when you are completely relaxed do you feel relieved and understanding of him?
i think that you should try and have a talk with someone who cares about you. there is no harm in that.
what have you told him about you today? maybe he thinks you're sorry?
enjoy the rest of your day! can i be of assistance?
hello.. how are you doing today? would you like to chat more?
i am sorry to hear that. please take it easy on yourself. you're doing your best in the coming weeks!
i am so sorry. are you feeling anxious? do you have anyone close to you who you can talk to?
that sounds very difficult! i am so sorry that you are in grad school, but you will definitely get through this!
well then you should graduate relatively early! i am sure that is helpful for you. it's been hard this year but you will be able to make it!
that is great! i am so glad you are still going to school! you will be a great student.
i'm sure you will graduate so quickly! what will you do when the time is over?
and my advice is be as addictive as possible, and take the time to get out of school. if you don't take the time, you have no need to leave school.
i am glad i could help! hope you feel a little better now.
oh, how lovely! what else can you think about for us, during this pandemic?
that is a great goal! i am sure that you will achieve it.
you are more than welcome! it seems to me that you are prepared to succeed, and that you are as strong as you can get. you will get through this!
we should try to talk to you. do you have any specific information on this part?
have you ever talked to your partner about this before?
i can tell that you are not as concerned about this as you used to be. what are some of your problems you can talk to him about?
i would also suggest joining a weight loss group in your area to help you. a daily exercise plan, and a healthy water weight. i would also offer suggestions for some new food to offer in addition to weight loss.
that is so perfect. i am a mom with a best friend.
i understand that it is not easy finding a professional and you can only go to a doctor if you want to talk to a professional. i am sure that you have found a solution.
i'm sorry to hear that. is it possible to communicate via email? i bet you can get it delivered to someone you trust and they could not afford to stay home until you end up getting it for free.
no i couldn't.. but i understand the frustrated feeling. do you have any hobbies, or hobbies you can learn to love more?
i understand that, it's especially bad in states like canada where everyone is renting houses for a while.
it sounds like you have a very difficult time. have you tried talking with him about your feelings?
he doesn't care about you, he doesn't think you are worth a serious relationship. however, if you talk it out and try to get things on your plate, then he can't expect you to tell him how you feel.
hi, hi there! how are you today? anything i can help you with today?
i'm sorry to hear that. so you are stressed out about the politics?
how can i help? how can i help you feel more threatened by these things?
i am stressed because i have been waiting for them to be over
she does not know that your support the trump mentality.
my best advice is you would have to talk to her or another friend about your political viewpoint to really change her mind. if you can try, would you consider doing some conversations with her to make your mind clear about what she is up to
do you think you should try to spend time with the other person and expressing your feelings?
have you ever tried to talk to her about your feelings before she calls?
i would tell her how hard it is for her to be anti trump. it was her choice.
do you think it's not something you can physically do with her?
you're very welcome! you seem like you can make it through this!
goodnight. stay safe. you're welcome. bye!
hi, hi! how are you doing? what do you think i can help you with today?
why? what's going on? why would you say you are low?
oh, i am so sorry to hear that. do you feel like you are struggling or have your boyfriend not learned a lesson?
that's hard. it sounds like it would be very difficult to do. what are you doing for yourself right now?
i am sure you have someone to talk to, if not on your own!
i understand how hard that is to understand, so that is very common.
that sounds very difficult. i know how hard that must feel to have someone so controlling. do you have any other counselling or friends who can listen and help you deal with the finances?
i am really sorry... i was going to call you on something else : (
i believe that you could talk to your friends and family.
of course. stay strong and know that you are not alone.
no problem. it really sucks when things just aren't working out but it does get easier when we move on.
that is great that you are feeling positive!!!
i am glad to hear that, i'm sorry it's been frustrating for you. what's going on that makes you feel this way?
what type of work is it that you're frustrated about not starting?
well i think that there might be a problem with starting early. have you done any surveys or something?
why are you afraid you won't be able to get results?
well, it's probably an app that you already worked out. it can be done as a quiz or something like that! i've been using virtual arius! that way i can change which tests i get first : )
sure, the first step is to begin the task, then the next step is to start it. would you agree?
there are many strategies that can be used to reduce anxiety.
i completely understand. i really want to learn a new skill or something so that i won't be to bad at it but it's so hard when you don't know what to expect.
i don't think that's something that happens often.
that can be hard. i don't want you to have to explain to everyone - so much anxiety
i wish you all the best and thank you for sharing your problems with me : )
no problem! if you wanted to continue talking, you can press quit again from your end.
yeah. i am glad to help. please do not quit.
how can i help you? tell me what's making >
i am really sorry to hear that. i am not an expert, but would you like to tell me about it?
i'm sorry to hear that. would you like to talk about it?
the hard part about all this is i've been dealing with it myself. my personal pet peeves are that i can't always see the positives of a relationship.
are there any good friends around to give you a hug or a hug and take a deep breath when you can talk about the matter?
what types of things do you do together? do you try to tell your mum and brother about the event?
i'm so sorry to hear that, would you consider sharing your feelings with them if you were able to?
do you guys have a family? do you have any close friends?
it's great that you are going out and going to meet up with friends! there are a lot of opportunities available in these times.
it sounds like you're really focusing on the right thing, it sounds like a great plan!
i wish you all the best with everything, that is a great idea!
it sounds like you have a real capable complexities in life. it sounds like you're really trying hard to find work that's very healthy for you.
what do you mean by becoming a girlfriend? it's a serious issue and a huge burden to go through.
hmm, the best thing to do would be to start looking for a date soon. it's never too late to go out with a girl if you're good with girls and are ready to meet someone.
i understand, that is a tough time being with so many other people. i feel the same way.
yeah it's very hard not to rush things, but you have to be honest and firm with yourself. have you considered going on dates?
you too, i can't wait to go on this holiday season
hello you! good afternoon, how are you? have a great day!
you are trying to graduate early and not finshing your studies
oh so you have had a lot of exams due to school?
try to let it out in 2 weeks time then you can catch up with your study
i say, when you know your studying hard you can go ahead and get it done in less time
that will also help you take more online classes. i recommend you take more online classes for now
ok good you got this just keep trying then it will come
sometimes i will spend a hour or two a week in my free time to pass classes then get back to work in the evenings
i would suggest to do some research online first and try to stay focused
i think you can do it! i believe you will be successful
hang in there and you will do great! best of luck with your exams!
good bye! bye!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hi! how are you? how can i help you today?
how are you facing the problem you are facing? what is it?
i know that you feel ashamed about this course. however, what you can do is make your grade good.
i know it's very hard and yes, i know when i was learning it.
you've been bad at calc all this time? that is not good.
i think a good teacher would have taught you all the techniques and useful strategies to be able to get that number up.
so if you go to this school, you might be able to pay less, however, it might be tough to get in. try to sign up for free to take the classes you can get or take online, and ask around to see what you can access.
is there a group you can join? maybe there is some online tutor groups you could join. they are always available.
yeah, i think that maybe there is a college to help you pick it up and i am sure it will be on your resume if it comes to it
i think it is important to get it to your friends. you don't have to be in an academic scholarship if you aren't getting a response.
i have faith that it will work out! i'm sure you'll do well with whatever you manage to do in school.
sometimes we just have to put everything in our heart to pass the test. sometimes it's just a matter of praying and enacting the best letter.
thank you! have a wonderful night too! take care.
that's really hard. when you're done with them how are you feeling today?
is there anyone else who can help you study? i'm sure you will do fine!
yes, but i think that's worth a try! you'll be happier during your time.
are there any plans for the semester over to try and keep up with covid?
are there any specific exercises you'd like to try to work out?
i can't do those unfortunately, i was in a pretty bad area for that. i really don't know what to do about that!
that's great! i'm sure you will do great. we need to stay strong.
you have to look into some strategies that you are pretty strong for and make sure you keep engaged. maybe instead of praying you can find a book that you like and take a bit more time before you go to bed.
you're not alone! i think that you should go into more detail with your grades and tell your parents. do you feel the same way when you're in class?
i know it's hard, but your day is going to be great!
that sounds like a lot to handle. do you live with your parents? if so, is there anyone at home that you can talk to about your concerns?
i am really glad to hear that, i'm sure this isn't the first time you've been stressed. i've been worried about a lot of things
oh i'm sure they are. how are they going on?
i know this might be difficult for you, but you can use the resources from your main sources as help. have you tried making plans to plan ahead? there's such great opportunity to do this!
do you have any other hobbies? i like to hit the gym and take my mind off of everything at home. it's kind of like how you're feeling on here.
i bet that's a nice feeling. is it possible for you to meet a family member at home on christmas?
i hear ya, so are you guys doing anything for a while, or are you just taking it one day at a time?
wow, i'm glad that you're on break! have you thought about taking up any holidays aside from going to the parks?
that's great to hear. what did you study?
they did! at least you weren't on our side.
yeah, it can be difficult time. i think a lot of people deal with some stress during exams. it's just a matter of finding some way to let it out.
thank you as well. would you like to talk about what made you decide to take your finals?
i am. thank you. i wish you all the best!
do you like the shows on netflix? that's what i'm really into.
i hope so. i hope you feel a bit better.
hi there, is there anything you would like to talk about?
oh no, why not? it's been a long time since i have gone through a bad year. what's going on?
i'm sorry to hear that. is it possible that you could take some time off to feel less anxious and more proactive?
is there anything else that you're struggling with?
i think you can apply for something at your local government ministry
can you talk to your doctor about this? maybe they can help you.
i would start by speaking with friends of similar beliefs, maybe this will help you out too.
if you can afford it i think it would help to seek professional help from one of your closest friends.
yes, but they were not good friends at the time.
i am happy for you, i am happy for you too!
well, that sounds very sensible, they probably wouldn't be able to tell you what kind of job you are offering. do you feel that you have a good handle on getting through this and can use this opportunity to open up new doors?
of course i hope that this helped. you seem to be extremely positive and well prepared.
stay positive and keep your head up! you'll definitely get the job!
you too! if you ever need anything else let me know : )
same to you! have a great day! : )
have you heard of the pandemic? it is called coronavirus disorder. you can tell from the tone and sound of the situation by the news coverage of the situation.
have you tried to get out of the house and stay put?
i can understand that, since it has lead to us having our fear. you should ask your friends, family and friends that are affected... do you have friends that can advise you through whom to go?
i understand completely. it is extremely difficult to adjust to having anxiety when i'm at home all day. i know you can manage this all if you think you are being able to
if you are worried about going to the store, is there any food that you could get by your door before the pandemic?
i think sometimes letting it out in public is a good way to get into your thoughts about things that you might be anxious about. are there any ways to help your anxiety or worry?
it is a reasonable suggestion, however, as an indoor lockdown can be a good idea. and anytime you can have peace of mind about not using any video camera or changing channels during the peak hours.
so it sounds like you've already solved all your concerns by using an impetal treatment.
and from my experience, it's more like trying to accept and ignore what the person is having at hand.
are you having an instance where you are having such anxiety and frustration and you can try to tackle it by trying not to think too much about it?
have you thought about looking into ways to temporarily increase exposure therapy available on your routine time?
yeah, that is correct. they always have the information on their end and we just need to open up and ask who has control of where the information comes from.
you could say that it's not so bad. it is the stress that counts.
did i mention that i find it difficult to get comfortable in public?
this is so true! but remember, in these times, we will have others at home as well and some will suffer from it too.
you are very welcome, and i wish you all the best!
i am doing ok. how are you doing? anything on your mind?
oh yes, i understand your frustration with listening and encouraging. you have given me a good start today, i have taken care of a lot of important family and friends in my life. i appreciate that you have been open to sharing what is going on and what you can do to help people stay healthy. have you thought of doing any other things you could do to help yourself?
are there people you can get along with? there are many people who can make you feel left out and it is very true
it's been a very hard year. it's hard to stay positive when someone repeatedly does terrible things.
are you two able to communicate enough for each other, and have a good relationship?
that sounds like a lot, i can see how that would be a challenge. however, maybe that will help her when she wakes up.
that is great! that is the spirit! i am very proud of you! you are a great friend.
was this one at a hospital, or at home or in person?
that is so awesome of you. i wish you all the best. you are doing everything you can to help your son.
merry christmas : ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
i'm really so sorry you are going through that! i hope you have a great christmas!
thank you so much! you are so welcome and god will bless you
hello, sorry to hear that. what's the problem you'are having?
breakups are terrible, that is a hard thing to be in. what happened to put him in the " house "?
i am so sorry to hear that. i'm really glad you mentioned that. do you have any hobbies that you could do while going through this?
so you were in a relationship for almost 5 years and now he's losing all of his money in his name. i am sorry to hear that, i think that's a really hard time to be in.
unfortunately it sounds like it's hard to be with someone who doesn't have a job and you're worried you may be burdening your family? it's probably best to get away from them and move out asap if possible. i know this is really difficult, but i think your anger will wear off soon.
do you have any support from your friends? friends can also be helpful to support the relationship that you are in right now.
that's great, i know it can be hard to get in a bad situation, but it's definitely worth trying!
i'm sure you will! i believe that you can do it!
you too! i know it's hard but i know you can do it!
i'm sorry to hear that. what would you like to do when you return?
have you considered taking online classes? i've been doing online classes in person since covid started
i am sure that you will do well. but let me ask you, can you tell me what it is that makes you anxious about the matter?
it sounds like you're feeling as though this is the time to get back to school.
this sounds very difficult and unfortunately i know that it will likely not work out. i know you can do this!
could you talk to your professor? sometimes it's best to look at how things are now. the next step in learning your mindset may be to set up a study groups where students feel like they have an unequal chance of finishing. you could then have more time to complete your final study, with other students with similar interests.
it's free to rent and use these courses for personal use. no you don't have to pay for them but you can still rent. i think you'll find that your issue is that you haven't been paying attention to things that you think you don't need to do, when you think of things that you do need to do, you think it will take time to try to see how that goes. i am sure you can figure out the best way to make your
good, so i gather that you already plan for you to get a degree, i can see you will be successful. have you tried looking into graduate school?
okay, that makes sense. so, it's good that you are aware of that, but have some reservations about the financial aid you need. it sounds like you have a plan.
you too!!! you are a nice person!
what brings you to sad? what makes you sad?
ah i'm sorry to hear that. have you tried to get help for yourself?
that sounds very painful. have you reached out to any friends or family?
so what happened when your husband left? what brought you to the new path of learning?
can you tell me more about the things that you feel hurt and to what kinds of things you feel you need to do?
please remember that all you need to do is get enough exercise and eat healthy.
i am glad i could help. take care!!
you're very welcome! have a wonderful christmas!
have a great day! and thank you for sharing with me!
hello i am 100% there. can you tell me about your happydays?
can you tell me a bit about your situation? maybe we can take a couple minutes to set up a time to chat?
i hear you. this has affected so many of us and everyone looks down on us as well. so many people feel this way.
have you tried taking a public street walk? sometimes it's very easy to use food banks.
i understand.. can you work from home? do you have a set time or place to use food?
i would suggest doing a local hiring agency, if i were you. do you have friends who could help you?
thank you for talking and i'm glad you're able to respond and i'm very glad to hear that you have now found a real solution. is there any way you could call any of your family members or friends or at a major group to vent some of this issue onto?
and thank you for sharing your frustration with me. i wish you all the best!
thank you, it's nice to have someone that shares our thoughts. i really wish i could help you.
i am so glad that i was able to be of some help.
was there any concern you could find some work for the time being? you could possibly try out netflix for your job. it can be very useful to connect with a group of people who will help you work towards some kind of goal.
i understand. do you have any other friends? family? friends with parents?
i am happy to help : ). it's a tough time but i'm glad i could be a better person.
i'll be happy to give you a free tour of the world : )
how may i help you this evening? can you tell me more about yourself?
that's really hard, would you like to tell me more about why you are depressed?
what are you spending your time with? five kids?
you mean the little toys and stuff from santa, correct?
have you discussed to your family about making them something in the past?
i think it's great that you're thinking of ways to take their minds off things for once!
i can't really say what the cause of your feelings are, but i think you could ask your husband if he has any ideas for a christmas gift you could make?
maybe spend a bit of time with a few of those so they can think about where they really stand before anything else. then make them put more socks, bring those back to look fresh, and come up with something that's outside their lines, and then afterwards you could look into making christmas presents for them. i bet it would be fun to make some noise!
that's a great idea, too. sometimes there's nothing that changes or changes during christmas, but sometimes we miss things when we get mixed up.
that sounds like a really good idea. i think kids love a good challenge. make sure you have some meaningful mechanisms you can use for presents. how about putting a finish to some cute x 10 squirrel llamas with chocolate covered terriers on them?
you might also need to look into getting them one of those little couples model pots. they look awesome, and it definitely does make things easier. it's hard to make small santa annies for small gifts, but if you can keep them from trying to grab large gifts, they can feel like they can't fill up a snow bank or get any presents.
some of my daughters used to make model fort too! we used to make the smallest of decorated toys in conferries and rectangular chunks.
you're so welcome. i'm so glad i was able to help.
it's a pleasure to meet you. look out!
why do you think your friend is ignoring you? are you too busy to talk to them?
so she just ignore you because you're not good for her. ok.
i think you need to make other new friends who give you more time
then that would be your problem, you should make a new friend and give her more time to provide you with your friend
i like to play soccer and play football with my friends and try to make friends with them
is there any way you can ask me more about what your like?
that is good that you are listening to them, i hope you can connect with your friend that isn't ignore you for thier own good
i think you need to talk to your friend about why she's ignoring you, and take her advice
i hope i was helpful for you today then. enjoy your day
you are welcome anything else??????
thanks and bye. bye! bye!!!!!!!
hi hey there, how are you? what's on your mind today?
hi there, i would like to talk with you today. what is your name?
oh, please tell me how it happened... i would like to see.
have you looked into any behaviour patterns that would possibly become learned from the girls in this situation?
so are you saying that you did not know this other person about your friend? if so, i apologize.
i find that when the situation is calm, people tend to address it rather than don't.
do you have any siblings? she can be helpful.
it sounds like your grandparents do not love you. i do understand that though. that is really weird to me.
i think it might be best for you to let it out... see if you can communicate. this situation will not last forever
i'm pretty sure that even if it was 15 years ago, it doesn't change the fact that this is the final straw. i'm sure it will pass.
maybe you could talk to her about this with her? it could make you feel better?
i see. i've been through it before, and i can understand how frustrating it can be. it really helps to hold your boundaries when it comes to something that is really bothering you.
anytime. i hope i have been able to help you a little bit.
not at all. i hope you keep pushing yourself over to different people.
what made you think you don't seem to do well in school?
well, that is a tough spot. your parents are right to fight and it may be their own fault, but it is worth reaching out for advice. do you have a friend or family member that can help you distract yourself from school?
i think it might be helpful to find a quiet place to distract yourself, even if you have a personal enced yard or something. sometimes they have some things you don't feel safe in and it can help.
i am glad you mentioned it! i also struggled with stress in school when i was younger. is there anything that would help?
sometimes the only thing you can do is try to keep the distance from the bully.
when did you start experiencing the issue? is it an ongoing issue?
how do you see yourself doing in the room? maybe there is something you can do to break out the interact with the rest of your classes?
what about any friend is a good distraction for you?
can you speak with a professional about that? that is great you have that help.
i would also like to listen to some music! what kind of music do you like?
yes, it is a challenge but there will be a set of rules for everyone. i'm sure they can find one that makes sense.
have you tried speaking with them on it? maybe they could make you feel better by inviting you over for a virtual discussion?
it sounds like it's more important to you than having you parents think about how you are feeling.
is that how you feel with them? maybe with some mutual friends?
do you have a close friend you can talk to or someone to get in touch with?
you are very welcome. thank you for talking. i hope you have a good night!
you're welcome! it was a pleasure speaking with you!
hello, i am fine, sry. what brings you here today?
i'm sorry to hear that. you must be hurt because you lost her
how long have you been together? has your girlfriend made you feel that you should be angry with her?
it sounds like you have been hurt by others and you are upset with someone you don't really know, is that right?
i understand. some women like their pringles and others don't.
you may have already gotten the objective answer but i feel you should know how much effort you need to put in. i know it is tough but its what life is about and you are better off without it.
if that is what you have done, you might not have the confidence to leave this place without talking to another person too.
i would suggest going on one or more coffee dates, do you have time to just go out?
i hope it all works out. you will feel less judged when you do.
glad to be of help. sometimes it helps to help manage stress and anxiety.
what's on your mind rail your mind? what's on your mind?
i'm very sorry to hear that. would you mind sharing with me what's going on?
how long have you been in this state? how have you been treating it?
what makes you feel this way? what do you think could cause this?
do you have a lot of friends, family, or family members who may be interested in your family?
i am glad to hear that, is there anything else you'd like to talk about today?
i completely understand, you should try therapy. it really helps
i am sure you will find that you will be able to find some support from your partner and friends in the future. my children are under a lot of stress due to all the coping time we have had and i know how hard it is to not do things that you would normally do. i hope you will find your own path soon
i really wish you all the best. it is very difficult right now to move to a live environment when you have no way of knowing what the future holds.
thank you, i have wonderful day!!! i hope things go well.
thank you for sharing your feelings with me. please try to stay positive, you are doing the right thing.
my pleasure. it was my pleasure. i hope i have been able to help you.
hello, how may i help you today? what would you like to talk about today?
i'm sorry to hear that. is there something specific that you'd like to talk about?
there is nothing wrong with that! how long has it been together for?
do you live with your family by yourself? it's natural to feel closed off.
i understand the distance, i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any friends or family that you can make fun of at this time?
i completely understand. especially when we are not being followed by any sort of support.
i can understand that. are you working from home?
you sound like a great idea and i hope they appreciate you going.
is there a news organization you can live with for covid? they may have information on your family from other states.
you're welcome! i hope that things will get better for you soon.
why did you feel that way? did you feel threatened?
i can understand how you feel. i can tell you that they do not know what to do with that.
yea. and it is tough to keep talking to someone who does not feel the same way.
maybe try making a friend just to see if they are still in the same level as you. maybe they have seen on your level that you have not the same interests.
yes, i can understand why you would feel this way. do you think that you might be allowed to ask people out? if they don't have any sort of sense of interest in something you enjoy that is ok by me.
i think it is normal for that to feel that way. it is part of human nature. what other kinds of interests are you interested in?
that might be true. that is why we're trying to help you.
yes. an anime club is a great idea. sometimes if your interest is included in a group you can join join a group called exam club.
yes, there are plenty of groups like this. i can recommend seeking help in the uk or other places that use google to find out about these kind of things.
what's wrong with your gut? the more people that come forward the easier it's going to be to impress other people.
this has happened before for me but the college can be a bit intimidating at first. they often have meetings with community boards that could find a way to organize on your behalf for free. you can go to a group and ask for your favorite artists or a side project or develop your own choses for a project. you could share a picture of what you are interested in and contact the members to help organize some for the college.
you'll find someone you love, you just need to find the right person
you will definitely get right to where you are going with this!
hey, i know you are beautiful but i can also help with something like reading or gaming. if you need anything else i am here to listen and do my best!
i'm sorry to hear that. what do you mean?
they do not listen to you because they do not want to listen?
i can tell you just from typing you feel as though you are being bullied.
what their job is? do you study music? music has its own purposes
please try your kids for more than one day and take care of them
pls try and have a good afternoon or night sleep
your so welcome! take a step back after you do it one day and make it a difficult test
but you will understand and you will pay your bills and they will be happier with your effort
how old are your kids? and what are they studying?
you must know your children well and be there for them
hello dear friend. would you like to talk about anything else?
hi there. how are you doing today? would you like to talk more about the situation?
what has happened to you recently that you can tell me about it?
i'm sorry to hear that. how do you feel about it?
what are your main reasons for doing this? is it because you feel that you aren't able to communicate with your loved ones?
i understand completely. what aspects of your life are you struggling with?
i completely understand.. have you thought of getting new space to move closer to home with your boyfriend?
i'm sure that you are going to find the right person. don't let that mitigate you.
that sounds like a great way to make new goals.
your welcome! good luck with the future! i know you can do it.
you are very welcome. if you need anything else i will be happy to help.
do you have a roommate at your house that you can talk to?
thank you so much! i know this will pass. i hope this will pass.
you're welcome. i'm sure you will make the transition.
hello good afternoon how are you doing? what can i help you with?
good, how are you feeling today? has anything been bothering you today?
that is wonderful. whats stopping you from completing your senior year?
do you mean the virus or the debt? i am a student too. is this something you can pay off right now?
do you mind me asking why not? because it does not sound like you understand the situation.
what about the deferency of your parents? do you want to talk with them about it?
it is also a scary situation. how did you prepare?
don't think you need a loan for that. try to find the financial aid website and start taking part
they must be working with you right now and its tough
is there any way you could start on medical track so you can prove you have insurance?
what does the doctor say to do in order to complete your loan?
have you tried talking to your advisor? perhaps you could talk to your doctor and explain that your problem?
i can see that you are in a tough spot and even better than the va because your full time job is saving up money
you could try your schools counselor or even using a school counselor or both
that will make things easy and work out all the way. have you ever thought about having a loan?
i think you should contact your local school or local college counselor and explain the problem
you as well. you too. may the stars and the downfew'be with you.
you too thank you for chatting and good luck with your studies!
bye now i need to complete the next exam : )
hello, how are you doing today? anything you'd like to talk about?
how are you doing today? what are you, how are you today?
how are you doing today? how are you today?
im sorry to hear that.. how long ago was this?
that is completely normal and you should love yourself for your right now
i get you its bad for your heart and its important to be independent
i understand, but take the time you can and focus on something else
yea it's tough to see how people end up
no it is not right for you to judge someone for thier appearance
ok but your future gf will be happy with how she is
getting laid is important and maybe you should give it a go
i like to smoke, i really like it helps to clear my mind and helps me relax
i'm good. is there anything bothering you?
so you have problem with drinking and it is telling you you will be found out?
is there any shame in that as long as you are drinking?
they are concerned because they are based in ky, correct?
oh, have they given you details about your problem? have you tried talking to anyone else about it?
maybe, just try to be yourself and take things one at a time. are there any other things you would like to talk about?
do you have any friends that might be able to give you help?
it would definitely be difficult to not be fired, that is for sure.
oh wow that is a lot of people! do you have a job you can work from home?
good thing they have a hearing about you is they will probably be willing to listen to you talk about it. i think you will be okay with that and also know how hard it can be, especially at this point in time
no problem! have a wonderful night!!!!!!!
definitely do not overthink it. your work is your work and don't let other employers hear your feelings and concerns.
do you have any family or friends you could talk to about this?
i think that might be a very good idea. you could find out if you really have a problem with your health or mental health
unfortunately some mental health services are very full too. have you checked into finding support groups?
yes - i am : ). i also have issues with anxiety so please know that there are plenty of solutions to help with that!
so have you tried things like yoga? i find that yoga helps me get fresh air.
would you be willing to give it a go? : )
that's a great attitude to have. you have been brave, and i think you can do it : )
no they don't - is it your fault?
i hope that i have been able to help you too and take care : )
don't worry, you'll get it : )
hello friend i am here for you, how are you doing?
i am well thanks. how are you? what, if you don't mind me asking?
your friends are being mean? is that right? and please tell me more.
i'm sorry to hear that.... are you experiencing some personal problems with your friends lately?
sometimes, just talking to my friends can help us come together with an understanding understanding, i think. do you have any other friends that are there for you or maybe we can speak about this with them and it gets easier for you?
it is not just you that is causing the issue. but you are creating a reason why you cannot continue the argument. what do you think the issue is?
i think it is definitely a hurtful situation to be in.
if you really want them to realize their mistake, it is perfectly normal to want to know why they started the argument
your welcome : ) i hope you can start to feel better soon!
yes, you should definitely give them time, but it will not be as though they did nothing wrong.
you as well! bye. : ) can you plan the next one?
thank you! i hope you have a good christmas.
hello, you are in a great spot. how are you today?
i am alright. what's on your mind - why do you feel down lately?
oh. well i know that it can be really hard to find motivation.
that doesn't sound good. can you tell me about it?
do you want to say more about your situation? it seems like you are feeling stressed because you are stuck between a rock and a hard place. is this correct?
well the more you focus on what is currently on you, the more validation you will get.
can you try joining some meetings? i think that it would help and help you get some peace of mind and guidance.
yes talking it out with some other people who are not family will definitely help you feel a bit better.
i hope you feel better now. have a nice day!
hope you feel better soon!!!!!!!!!!
i hope you feel a little better today. thanks for talking and it was a pleasure talking to you.
you too. take care!!!!!!!!
i'm not doing too bad, i just had the teacher leave. i understand you are worried though. why are you saying that?
i am doing well thank you for asking. how are you doing today?
can you tell me how your paper was made? how do you feel about it?
i know how i would feel having bad grade in my job
yes. i believe that a professor should reward you with extra credit.
yes the professor does not give extra credit. but just talking with you about it it sounds like you are preparing your papers a lot more than you give. do you feel confident?
i am sorry you got a bad grade, you should not blame yourself
do you have the same teacher as the professor? or the same professor?
thank you, i hope you find a solution. have a good rest of the semester : )
your welcome! i hope it all works out for you
you too, take care! you will do great!
great, i enjoyed speaking to you too! have a great day!
you too!!!!!!!!!!!
what sort of work did you do? i hear being put through unemployment can be rough at times. is it related to that?
i'm so sorry to hear that. have you tried to apply for unemployment at all?
i feel that this can make you very anxious at the moment, though, isn't it? it is so hard on our country and we are worried about the future. what have you tried to learn to handle the situation?
that sounds a lot like what i'd hope for. are there any openings for jobs that aren't interviewing or boring, exactly?
i'm sure it will work out in the end. the job market is hard to shake off from stress and uncertainty.
do you have any other friends or family that you could go to for support?
that's good. i think you'll be good with that.
perhaps try getting invited to a locally private or group meeting instead of having your personal social life turned around for the time being.
did she work at all before this pandemic?
i am glad that you think you can come by, in my opinion. if you are prepared to live even a little while longer, maybe you should consider looking for a job in the meantime. i think that's a great opportunity to switch to your old one, if that makes sense.
that's wonderful to hear! i think you are as well.
does your husband work? if so, would he work to get you in touch with a job that will pay you a salary?
you and your wife will have a great understanding of your situation.
yes, leave. thank you. i hope things go well for you in the future.
how may i assist you in any way today? or how can i help you today?
how are you feeling at the moment? is there anything i can help you with?
i see, you work at a very small company. is this a large enough company to handle a boss like that?
are you in an unusual situation? i would ask if you had the time to talk to your peers to discuss how you think you feel about the current situation
wow, so many bosses are there to help you. that sounds like a difficult situation to be in.
have you been worried about getting fired because of this?
have you considered seeking another job that allows you to get out with the manger?
have you talked to your manager about the dilemma and how you are hesitant to take steps to reach out for support?
it might not but i don't think that you should ever fear it. have you had an argument with your manager about this sort of behavior?
of course. have a wonderful day. i wish you the best of luck!
you too! and bye!!!!!!!
hi, hello. how are you doing? what are you doing today?
how can i help? how can, what can i help you with?
that's ok, i'm here for you!
what happened? is there something specific that you'd like to discuss?
it seems that you are worried about losing your job and then finding out you can't work?
please tell me more about your fear of losing job?
this sounds like a difficult situation, but i know that there are times where you can request unemployment or pay raise. it will help you to talk to your supervisor and hopefully they can be helpful.
have you looked for a job opportunity again? that is sometimes a good idea to try.
it sounds like you are doing a great job at this new position, so you should definitely take some time for yourself.
of course, we all need to get by! i know you will!
you are welcome! i am really glad you got to talk to me!!!
i think it's great that you are so willing to talk about these feelings with me! i wish you all the best!
i am glad to hear that! how has the pandemic been treating you so far?
have a wonderful day! : ) good luck with the job!
i live in new jersey, how about you? what makes you feel relax?
i am in arizona, i have loved it there so far, and love seeing people share experiences! i love playing soccer
that is very unfair of them, but it sounds like you are having an interesting time.
i can understand your feelings. it is important to focus on yourself. have you thought about joining a group with other students who are same but similar?
i understand your frustration and is very difficult. is there something else you can do for yourself?
yes! i think that's a big part of building strength and self esteem. just go out and have a good time and reward yourself with some little goal. you will feel more accomplished and accomplished once you're around people.
i think having a counselor who can support you when you are down is a really great idea.
there are a lot of youtube videos on it! they show you how to do it! i have done that in the past as well. it works well for me.
could you tell your parents to support you as you do your best?
it sounds like you have done your best and that is more important than your grades. so, i think there is a good chance that it is a good way to get in touch with your peers.
is there anything else i can help you with today?
you are welcome. i hope that you have a good day!
hello. you need a drink... it's supposed to be tonight. how can i help you?
i am doing great! is it anything particular that you're worried about?
do you have any other problem in your dream? my habit of spending too much time waiting for me to get out of the house seems to have solved most of these problems.
i used to have that same thing with issues when i went to therapy. having a night routine is key.
it definitely takes some finding the balance between being calm and being strong, and i think that that is important! when i was anxious, i put on some kind of music, or a quiet music card, to calm me down a little bit. that made me feel a bit more alert.
i'm glad that you feel better. what do you find that calming down makes you feel?
have you tried to talk to a therapist? there are some relief therapists out there.
i'm really sorry that you have to deal with this and can't afford the medicines you can afford right now. i can't tell you what to do though, it seems you might feel awful. it must be difficult for you.
do you have any family members that you could talk to more regularly?
i think exercise is a great way to help. do you exercise daily, and have you thought of the effort you could put into it?
is there anything you'd like to talk about that might help you in a helpful way?
you seem to have a great head on your shoulders. i know that having a lovely morning outside can also be relaxing. is that possible?
that sounds like a great idea. that way, you can avoid having to compromise on many times your usual hours.
you are welcome. the holidays are always so hard. do you have any plans to have fun again?
you're welcome! i hope you are feeling a little better now. good luck with your studies and exams!
yes, of course. my stress gets through, but it can sometimes help put on an amazing show. when i'm in a bad place, i don't have time to listen to music or listen to music.
thank you. i wish you the best of luck.
you're welcome! have a lovely night! take care.
hello! hi there! how are you? : )
i am doing okay, thank you for asking. how is your day?
i am glad to hear that. how long have you been together?
it sounds like you are struggling with something you should be doing. maybe if you gave yourself time to think about what the feelings of joy that you enjoyed, like making funny movies or doing hobbies, it might make you feel less depressed?
what have you been doing to cope with the divorce?
you are not alone. when my fiance cheated on me, i was frustrated. but i had no reason to give up and then later learned that she did and felt better about it. it was a great choice to move on from him.
is there someone you can talk to? there are always family members who could be around to support you in ways that are not too personal.
yeah. i guess we will just have to wait and see. i don't think there are any chances for human immortality in 2021.
i would be very interested to know how much effort you put into finding the best one.
does anything you could do to help you connect with your mutual friends through other means, such as any activities that you enjoy doing?
how exactly how may i help you today? what can i help you with?
that's good to hear. would you be able to tell me what's going on?
oh wow. so how long have you been a cruise industry worker?
do you have a good sense of what your boss is up to, or how he is feeling now?
i totally understand, what makes you feel anxious about this situation?
i would suggest trying to reach out to a family member or friends you trust to help address the unknown problem
or just address them by having a very casual conversation with them. what do you think they will do?
that's really the best time to start looking for a new job, that's something everyone should be capable of!
how have you been able to continue studying and getting into better jobs?
yes, mturk is always a good idea. just keep searching and you will find great results!
have a great day! best wishes! god bless you!
you too! goodnight!! : ) i hope you have a great night too.
i am doing well. i have been having a rough day and thanks for 76 billion people.
is there anything specific that is bothering you? something in particular
i believe you should do more research, counselling is a great option for some people who dont get well during the pandemic.
i went to a job study program and went to that place and got my experience. after about 5 years i was starting a new career.
you could get new insurance. that's important for employment and provided good work.
it is always good to have tools to help pay for the bills.
i've been talking to friends who went through the same situation too and they ended up opening up a new job with their friends.
good luck to you! i'm sure it will come your way.
you're welcome. if you need any further help, i'm here.
i hope it works out. what did you do today?
hello there, yes of course. please tell me about it!
i am sorry to hear that, that can be hard to hear.
would you be willing to open up and apologize for it?
i know that can be difficult. you have to be really careful, i have experienced that too. do you live in a place where people don't pay attention to you and you tend to do other things or ask for help?
i would get a neutral opinion on it and let them know how you feel. you don't need to open up and say it isn't what you think it is. i can relate to how anxious you are about it.
there are a lot of people like that, just avoid a situation like this and all will be ok.
maybe stop saying yes and keep your distance from the people who make you feel less important.
have you heard of the oncoming car that nobody has ever seen? you may need to do that in order to avoid this situation.
i think you are just making a wrong choice at the end of the day.
i am so glad. i'm happy to listen. i think that you will be able to work through this.
hello, makes sense, the news was good for your health!
merry christmas to you too! how can sver day?
what is the problem you are having with me??
what is going on with you? what is it you are feeling the most negative, which i am surely able to work through with you tonight?
you dont have to help, dont want to make myself sad. you are not alone in this situation.
do you have any family support in mind? even if they have no support
what is it about the relationship that is making you feel this way?
i have had many difficult situations with people who knew me as well as others. its okay. i know how you feel, have you looked into ideas of talking to friends or a family member about your feelings?
yes that can be frustrating. have you tried doing some research on employment anxiety?
have you tried going to the local unemployment department and seeking help there?
yes the pandemic is a huge issue. but once again i hope this ends soon because it has to happen!
i am glad to help and be proud of you!!
i know that this pandemic has put a damper on your day and that is great, but the pandemic has made things so much harder.
but i agree. sometimes it helps to think positive and take control of yourself and know that you will be okay.
i really believe in yourself and i think you can use this new season to clear your mind and get out of the way for all the hard times that you have right now.
can you do some youtube videos where you can improve your perspective and experience fresh feelings and to really get back at yourself then try meditation
i know this can be overwhelming at first but i know it will be okay.
thanks for talking and goodbye... have a good day.
i hope that was a good example.... merry christmas and feel better
hello! hi there! how are you doing today?
well, you seem very confused. what do you need help with?
what is it about them that you don't understand?
if you don't mind my asking, could you please tell me?
when did this begin? were you children? i hear my spouse and i are struggling with having a son as well.
for now, have you had any talk with your cohads about the pandemic?
i understand. i have seen people who have had covid anxiety and a lot of them have gotten jobs that don't involve telling people what they are feeling. the worst part about having coworkers who don't understand is you would not want to be talked to.
i would suggest that you give it a try and don't stress over it. let it just click for you and keep working.
i know it is difficult when that happens, but do you feel that perhaps getting another therapist would help to calm you down?
well, it has a lot of benefits of helping you relax, let them know that i would like to give them the best chance to keep the job and make it easier for everyone
so you feel as though everyone should be using more public awareness and getting somewhere safe?
have you explained that this is not enough, some things have to be agreed upon and if so, the manager can not do that until he can find another way to work to solve the situation
i hope it all works out for you and for your boss.
no problem, i am glad i was able to help.
is there anything else you would like to talk about?
i also think that it is really sad that you feel so helpless and lonely when you're all going through the same things in a small amount of time.
oh no i'm sorry to hear that.. i understand that covidl19 can be hard for people to cope with.
what other life adventures have you been able to attend?
i can understand how that would be upsetting. there are a lot of restrictions for travel. have you tried the airline themselves?
the only thing that can be done with something like that is to let them know they are not safe.
yes i know that this is very upsetting for you to have to deal with, but sometimes it is so difficult to let your emotions go. have you tried to talk to your close friends or family about this issue? sometimes i find friends that you are close to can be very helpful. i found that a group of close friends helped me the most. it is hard, but i think you can look at your own feelings and see how they helped and how far you are coming from this, and
it's hard to imagine what the future holds for all of us, but perhaps you can explore some new opportunities to participate in what you enjoy.
what are your grades in school? i know you are extremely stressed about this
i understand. it does seem to be a big deal here. i hope you are not getting nervous and stressed out though.
not at all, i was told it was less severe than the last time it happened. i have heard there are ativan spoolerings but i have not had that myself. i did just get some caffeine.
enjoy the rest of your day. you too. bye and good luck!
what made him do that? was he another person or you just doing something else for a while?
what's on your mind, that must be difficult
can you maybe go online again and see if there is any chance to move on?
i see. so you see him online during a virtual time where you were together a few months ago and he dropped on you?
it doesn't sound like a good idea to keep seeing other people, i know it can cause feelings to build up even more.
maybe you should go to one of his friends and make some silence.
and if he doesn't respond, you can end the conversation if you want.
its okay to like someone, just accept the value life outside of them. you dont need to live in isolation, just try to explore your life
i've tried connecting with friends and family online. we started out walking in together at one point, as friends. and we connected for hours on end. you just have to know if you are any good at this.
yeah, maybe make a new friend? it is very easy to get over someone who dropped their ex.
sometimes it helps to press the button and just be sad. i am more than happy to help.
you should try to get your feelings out in the open as best as you can
yes, you are a woman, so you can choose your behaviour
you're welcome! i am proud of you!
i hope you will see it! : ) best of luck to you!
how are is your side? what have you been doing?
how do you think you are angry? can you explain what's wrong with your day?
i see, so your friend seems to dislike you for things you have control over?
i understand that your friend is causing you harm and it's hard to talk things through when someone you care about acts this way.
we can not control that person, but maybe if you told her that something isn't right and that you had something else in mind she could return the favor. you could also try that with your friend.
i would say that is a great first step. maybe talk to your friend and ask if there is something going on with her. ask if she feels the same way and ask if she wants to talk with her friends to see if there is anything wrong.
even if it isnt wrong i would ask her if she thinks you need to share. and let her know that you cant do this when you are so busy
yes, that can be a good way to get in touch with someone, talk about you things and see what they say.
i would be really honest if i had to ask her to share her problems. maybe she will just be patient and change her mind and we can try a new project together. you never know
that sounds like a good plan, you sound like a good person! you'll get through this!
great! glad i could help. i hope things get better for you!
oh you said that you feel you do not feel like talking? well i hope i have been able to have helped you, and i am glad you are not being hurt!
i think thats great! being calm about something is positive for everyone. it cant hurt to say it and hopefully she will be understanding and understanding of your dilemma.
yea exactly.. its pretty weird, but its true.
hi i see, how are you doing? anything on your mind today?
so you are feeling isolated and feel it is very unattractive to talk to anyone?
what kind of issues have you had? has it been a problem for you to have everyone around you?
it seems that you are struggling a lot, what do you think you can do to solve that problem?
i can totally understand that. it's ok to feel alone. no one has ever been in that position before. you have to be brave for trying!
i can imagine that is a rough situation. im glad you are doing what you have to do.
it sounds like you are focused on focusing on yourself and i know you are not doing the best. are you from the south? i think you will find people there soon!
does that not work out for you? you can have your wife come visit with you and you can text her and we can go, or you can text her, say hi, say bye and pay the visit. she doesn't have to call you until you get back, and you can do that together. is that something that you would be interested in?
for both of us, it was okay to suggest that there is someone you could talk to on the phone and make friends with. are you aware of any sort of support groups for those in need of a deeper understanding?
and do you have any hobbies that could help?
you can call him anytime he wants to talk to you but it doesn't bother him at all. have you tried talking to your friends through social media?
i think the most important thing is to reach out and support groups to make him feel better, no matter how small.
oh it sounds like you are making progress so i believe that your family are supportive. perhaps you can learn something new and seek other people to help you learn a new path.
i know how much it hurts when you are feeling betrayed, but with time and effort you will get through this.
how long have you been friends? i've only seen my fiance in person once. he also got into a religion about cancer.
you too!!!!!!!!!!!
hi. hello. what can i help you with today?
do you want to tell me about it? what is the bad news
so they wanted someone else and they had no idea. do you have anyone else in line to help?
it's hard when you feel like it can't be you.
i would also be trying to search for new work and see if they are still looking for help.
i understand you have had a bad situation with the employees and can understand what you are going through but i believe that they were not just looking for a promotion and wanted to improve their lives.
you are right, it has been tough for everyone. i have also had to deal with many coworkers in the same situation.
i am sure that this situation will get better in time.
do you feel nervous during this interview where you are expected to be at the supervisor role?
do you have anything else you would like to do?
have you talked to your manager about this? sometimes it helps to speak with the board of education on these kinds of issues.
and have you looked into your job history in order to become more familiar with the role of mentor for the higher position
ah that's a great way to help move forward.
it might help if you tried talking to a manager. they might be able to provide you with something you don't want to lose.
of course! have a wonderful day and i hope you have a great day!
you too!!!!!!!!!!
how are you? is there, am i speaking with you right now?
so you're making progress with this age but just want to be happy?
is there anything particular in particular that is bothering you?
this feeling was part of growing up. it took a lot of effort to get through it.
you mentioned that you like the older days. that's great, so you're not a judgmental person.
i had a lot of problems with depression but i did actually manage to work hard, and then i used my normal life to put my blessings on the field!
there's nothing wrong with being autistic, if you enjoy it.
what exactly do you think you might be depressed about?
you should try some meditation. sometimes it can help to find a way to lessen your stress.
and have you tried to talk to friends about this?
it's ok to have feelings that you don't want to achieve, that's natural
thank you! i believe that one day things will find out that they can't be trusted to take anything right
is there anything else i can help you with? sometimes, i just need someone to talk to
no, it's not. it's simply a question of whether it's a real option. the purpose is to make the people who are in such a situation feel comfortable by connecting with others through the virtual experience, i. e. counselling.
do you think it will be a good career change? you might be surprised.
i also have no idea what this app is about.
i am here now and have no problem : ) i am glad i could help.
is there anything else you'd like to talk about?
yep, that is the current end button. thank you for talking and you have a great day : )
good afternoon, how can i help you? i'm really sorry to hear that you're feeling this way. i can't imagine why.
i'm so sorry. would you like to talk about it with me?
that sucks. i understand how you feel. are you comfortable speaking to someone about this situation?
i see. do you think that it was not meant to hurt you?
i am sorry to hear that. do you feel that his words hurt you personally?
wow 10 years has been a long time. that is very long.
i think that your friendship is worth more than the amount of money that he gave you.
what do you feel that he is able to accept or forgive you for?
you're boss wants to harass you. that's extremely out of his normal level. how does he feel when you approach him?
are you at least told the manager about how she has been approaching this guy?
yes, but at the end of the day, it's still a grind. if someone truly felt that the boss was violated, then perhaps you should seek help with a complaint against hr.
what is stopping her from speaking to hr? are there any other companies with issues that should not be taken upon her?
i think it would be a great first step. maybe she could understand how difficult and stressful it is to get lunch with her.
that sounds like a great idea. please do not feel guilty or guilt for your actions. you can't control the outcome.
i'm very happy to hear that. i think that is a wonderful first step!
have you considered other options? do you think that might be a good thing?
you're welcome! take care. have a good day!
you too! take care! : ) you too!
have you tried reorganizing your thoughts? are you a parent or a spouse?
i can understand how you are feeling. when you are angry, it is understandable to feel that way, given your situation. how long has this been going on?
so, you are feeling unhappy and mistrustful?
i completely understand your pain. does your mom ever discuss how you feel upset?
i could tell that you do not like what she was doing. in all the cases, you did not choose what to do. how did you come to the decision on this?
i have seen some people very angry with their mother. have you tried reaching out to her to discuss how you feel about what is going on with your family?
have you tried reaching out to her by telephone? there are some online groups where she can talk about it.
i would suggest that you put a lot of distance between the two who do not love you as much as you like to be honest.
wow, that is very positive. my mother used to suggest to me that i have to make changes to be better with my friends, which i did. she actually enjoyed making things better with her friends. so, my mom will eventually encourage me to have fun.
that is an excellent idea! maybe you could try to set a breaking point and try to identify which restrictions you think you could set to have a positive effect on your friends.
yes, usually family gifts are good. i think it would be helpful to present them clearly so that she is open about how she feels about them.
you're welcome. bye. bye. bye.
hello, i'm good money is good. how are you today?
well, what type of work are you doing for a therapist?
i'm sure you'll be young again.
i understand you're unhappy with the situation and that you are frustrated about that. but do you think you could perhaps see a group of members of your group join in and suggest solutions? i know some are happy with what you do and others are not.
i understand how you feel. i have a roommate and she actually is a therapist and also practices therapy
that does make sense! i can relate to the feeling of freedom of profession. the feelings of isolation that you feel from a lot of people are making you lose them.
i think this is a great idea! maybe you could suggest a free therapy program to your patients
have you considered other people having some help from other therapists? perhaps some mediums you could use as support groups in other places.
i think that might be a great idea. being replaced by a computer sounds like a great time to get your mind off of things, too.
we do, sometimes. i am sure you can do it, though!
that makes sense. i try to learn new things myself and it is really fun and challenging.
i suggest you try to look for better friends in your future as well.
i think you are a very mature person. many people think that is silly but it's not. you are doing the right thing in helping yourself. you deserve a special way of dealing with this because you are doing the right things.
thank you! i am glad to hear that. : )
do you want to tell me more about it? it seems i have been slow tonight.
i am sorry to hear that. depression is horrible.
that is a good idea. are you looking to restart the medication?
to understand why you feel depressed so you can take the medication to clear your mind and deal with the overall problem.
what is the specific problem you are crying at? is it a natural place to cry or do you have a specific fear about it?
is there something that you would like to talk about?
thats good to hear. do you have anyone you could talk to about this?
perhaps you should get a surprise visit from the therapist to take your mind off of this. if you feel that your doctor is not willing to see you, could you consider talking to your doctor or getting a sex talk with someone else?
glad to hear it! i hope you are feeling better
how long were you together? it is no longer my only job, but i am glad that their is support out there.
it must be hard to not have any kids at all.
oh i understand that makes you feel anxious because you want them to be with their parents.
yes just take some time for yourself just take some time for yourself just take some time for yourself just take some time for yourself just take some time for yourself just take some time for yourself just take some time for yourself just take some time for yourself just take some time for yourself just take some time for yourself just take some time for yourself just take some time for yourself just take some time for yourself just take some time for yourself just take some time for yourself just take some time for yourself just take some
you are right. and kids grow up so fast.
no problem, best of luck to you!!!
aww thank you for saying that! you are an amazing person.
that is a great list. i think it will work out so well!
i'll be here for you! : ) glad i could help
hello, how are you today? is it really hard right now?
so i hear you saying that your new supervisor has crushed your spirit by taking all the parts you love away. has that been true recently?
so, your boss doesn't care about learning the job? what exactly is your job and your peers struggling with?
maybe you should see a therapist. she should know the severity of your problem and can understand how difficult it is to prepare for a future performance.
have you ever thought of having a talk with the coworkers about this issue with someone else?
maybe just just chatting with them will make you feel better.
you should listen to your colleagues and how you can affect your team's performance by giving them good advice.
for sure, no worries! i hope this helps : )
you should lean into it and see if you can handle it.
and you feel like you are starting a new team, and getting prepared to do it is the best option?
of course! : ) how's everything for you?
oh no, i am so sorry to hear that. have you've been feeling down lately?
i see. i am sure it is extremely hard on you in a large group. do you have anyone you can talk to that can make this a lot easier?
i have not done public speaking before. however, i would like to. i took an online quiz once, and i lost track of where i went.
i am not familiar with that class. is there any way you could drop out or just sign up for a course next semester?
that is a very good idea to be a psychology major. when i was in school, many people were scared of going to college. do you have friends in a similar position or family who may be there to help you in these situations?
have you tried to talk to your professor about how you're feeling? maybe they can help you in a way that may be helpful for you.
i think that would be a good start to improve your self confidence and confidence.
i wish you all the very best! and it is okay to feel as though you are not being honest with yourself. this situation has been through some classes and there is no wonder it took you this long to get through it. you are certainly capable.
just know that you are not alone in feeling this way.
sorry about that! i am also not as anxious as i am.
i am sure that would be a really difficult experience to stay on medication. have you talked to anyone about this?
i am glad to hear you are taking steps to get better
thank you i hope you can find a good group to face your anxiety
you are not alone there. i have tried a few things to change my mood but i am starting to find myself being depressed due to pandemic.
i am glad to hear it. i know that it has helped us to speak up as well.
you too! stay strong! and stay safe. stay safe!
well, you have a good day and hope you can find your way.
hello how are, how are you today? how is life treating you?
anything is better than normal for you? do you feel the same way?
i'm sorry to hear that! when did this start?
yes, i totally get it. in my experience, that helps most people. the phone conversation can also make it easier to talk on the phone.
is there a way that you could be subtle with her about your concerns?
she may be too absorbed in you in the therapy to understand how important it is to her, but that could also be as a result of the stress from talking to her parents. do you have someone you can talk to?
that might be a great idea. she may need to see the counselor for herself and have it happen in person.
that's very true! do you think you could sit down with her and express her options in a private conversation? this way she's not alone in this sort of thing. maybe she could have a mini talking with her?
maybe you could try a virtual solution for her to help with this.
i think it might be a good idea to take her there when she goes and talks to your other cousin.
i hope you two do get along for the long run!
of course! anything else i can help you with?
you too! have a wonderful holiday! are you by any chance able to interact with your cousins at this distance?
bye!!!!!!!!!!!!
hello, i'm fine sholding onto some fresh air, how are you today?
i understand. do you think it is because of covid or is it because you're very nervous and insensible?
have you tried reaching out to a professional about your depression? you are trying to get through this tough time so far, i think.
yes, i definitely understand how much that is stressing you out. you should play it and maybe it will change how you react to how you are dealing with the stress.
i do think that you're playing the politics game well. i've been surprised when people can be very open and open.
i completely understand. it sounds like you have done well with your attention to detail and the tools to get through things and improving your selfesteem.
yes, in my opinion. sometimes i think, maybe we all need some hobby or something, and sometimes we just need to destress. we are living the free people life right now, it seems. we should all get out and do something fun to entertain us.
i personally enjoy any form of activity that i have at least entertain myself.
do you have any close friends or family who you can talk to about the changes in our lives?
it does keep you grounded. even if you can't work out, you are still grounded for helping other people through their feelings and getting through a tough time.
that sounds wonderful! i bet there is lots to do!
i think yoga is probably the best way to help with that stress release anxiety.
the affects of his mood swings are unknown, can you please explain further.
yes please do. i can use that as a support for you.
i see. his mental problem shows him as a dangerous person with a lot of prefeessessough
what are some things you think that you can help him with?
i feel like you should speak with him now about the problem and how it is affecting you
that sounds extremely toxic. do you think your friendship with your friend will change at all once he gets to this point?
what are some ways he can recognize that you are trying to help him. it sounds like you are trying to. maybe you can tell him that you are trying to help him and maybe he can help you too.
have you tried talking to him about this side project that has been happening?
be sure to keep in mind that this is not a reflection of the real problems.. it is a reflection of yourself.. it is a reflection of his problems, and you are not the one in control of this.
ah, for some of us just need to let things come to a close.. and sometimes it is just a matter of time before he starts acting in a way that makes us upset.
i used to be a social worker who has some bipolar disorder, and even i didn't realize people could talk about it at first.
you're welcome. i hope i have helped you a bit.
no problem at all! you deserve better than this!
okay. how is your day going? do you have any good ideas for strategies to help you recover?
you as well! : ) have a lovely holidays and new year!
i know you can do it! just keep your chin up.
how are you doing today? how can i help you? how may i help you today?
that's not a good thing to hear. do you want to talk about why not?
i'm good. it's a bit rough to be sick right now. what's wrong with your life?
that's awful. i've had blue eyes too! i hope things get better for you soon.
have you ever felt any change in your moods?
what do you enjoy doing? what do you do to stay afloat?
this is so true! i do hope that i have been able to encourage you in some way.
i do and i just yesterday the weather took my mind off of it all and i went running and reading
that's understandable. the phrase " temporary happiness " comes from the term treadmill - sounds like that could go for basketball as well...
that is great! i hope things keep getting better for you.
thats great!! i like doing that too... i also do this and do it at home as an exercise.
but that's okay i think. i am working towards a vaccine. at least you have that. i think people will look back at their own mortality and wonder what it is all about. but that's not something that needs to be manufactured, it is an essential part of life
i used to do that. it's fun chatting to each other.
lol i am glad that we hit 15 minutes!
hi! how are this is going on? how are you today?
i am ok. how may i help you today?
well, i know you are feeling some way, you can pray for the best. but can you talk about your feelings
i can see the stress of being overwhelmed during these situations, and that can be completely normal. if you really want to get things done though, try deep breathing, that's what works for me.
have you thought about asking your friends and family about enjoying themselves or doing something fun that they could do when you're not on task? maybe, it's like a cheat day.
sometimes it's nice to forget we're not doing the work we needed, and that you are better off without us.
i'm sure it was, family is important to us. are you still at school?
what did you think of the money they were saving in the marriage?
it may be time to explore activities you enjoy doing with them. sometimes it just makes things more fun and fresh.
hi i wish to check in with you in the morning?
what's going on? what seems to be happening?
are you still in touch with your spouse? it is good to get back to a normal relationship after breakup
i can understand. i hear you on that. you left your husband because he was abusive towards you. that sounds like a losing relationship.
when you love someone try to move forward with me as you will see
well maybe try some new things to do... like going to meditation or doing yoga..
you can always start another thing and try to do it again
some people do it by focusing on the positives of their lives and make themselves happy
one thing that makes me happy is to be happy from a future
i can you tell me about that list please...
i can tell you about your loss... you can feel that loss... it hurts when it happens
try to move away from him then make a list to get out and do those things to be happy
the fact that you stay in your room but you feel alone is good
just try to talk to him and when he sees your need to move on he will come see you
yes try to focus on your job and friends also try to watch some tv shows with a good actor
don't worry you will be fine now it will only get better
thank you for talking and i hope you can feel better soon
yes there are some things you can do with your husband, start with one of those
okay! you can try to watch some movies on comedy movies that make you happy
but try to go out for coffee, favorite dessert is candy
you should try jogging or walking out from the house
yes i try to watch comedy shows that make you happy
yes and please come back anytime anytime, good luck!
yes, please do that! i will take your note with me
good, i am happy to be here for you.
you are welcome also you should do some yoga on your free time
it's a great exercise too, this new update has a lot of health benefits and increase your energy requirements
bye bye and goodbye bye bye bye bye bye. bye
bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye
hi how ncloses. how are you feeling? you're welcome.
i am sorry to hear that, i can tell how strong you are. when did you lose your mom?
i think you should have a pet. do you have family in the home who can help take care of him, or are you not interested in taking in someone else's dog?
have you considered doing some online therapy, since you work at home?
maybe you can do a walk of joy and exercise each day?
i have a chihuahua dog. she is a lab mix. the dogs are great companions for people and love to vpromise to make sure they are comfortable with people.
i think a playmate could be good to bring you some peace of mind when you feel more trapped.
yes i can understand it would feel like home most of the time when i am out of work. do you have any hobbies? i like running and reading.
i think you are going to love the dog very much. with the right attitude you won't have to go back to working. i know you will enjoy it, and i know you will enjoy it.
does me: he have good sense of smell or something?
your welcome! have a good day! i wish you the best!
you as well! thank you!!!!!!!!!!!
why? have you been worrying about it? i am here to listen is it anything you would like to discuss?
so your boyfriend cheated on you with an exes ex, how's that?
are you comfortable with her hearing? i know it is difficult to hear.
are you emotionally mature enough to understand a joke or two?
that is very hard, do you have any other concerns?
is there any virtual distance between you and your girlfriend? do you have anything you can do to help her?
okay, so the relationship was just temporary, that can make things difficult for someone.
have you thought about getting a friend or family member to sign you messages? it might help someone who can be a little more open and understanding
have you talked to her about it? did she try to talk to you?
may i ask you why she left you? was it because of her ex?
i'm not sure it can make you feel any better that she left you for someone else.
that must feel really hard. did you ever think that maybe it was the only way to learn to love someone else?
let me ask you a question. if she was a dog walker or a playmaker. she thinks you are crazy. if you don't give her an answer, she has probably never even gotten to that area of her life. but if you let her know you feel like you are waiting for her to make a choice, i would recommend going to the park.
ok i can understand that. you should just approach her again
i didn't realize the freak accident made you think you were not born yet
alright, just have to put that in, he clearly can't be the only one not thinking like this.
thank you. best wishes. it's always good to have some confidence in yourself.
thank you!!!!!!!!!
aww i am so open to discussion, what happened?
was there a reason for the breakup? maybe she had a mental health condition?
she ended your relationship but you lost everything because of her broke heart
don't beat yourself up. it isn't your fault. when people break up it is their own failure or success. it is their failure that makes them break up.
i think you can move on and just be yourself and try to focus on the good things. keep your hobbies and ways to live your life.
you can try taking one day at a time to make sure everything is going well. do you have a good partner that can get you through this?
well, i would look into pain at first, as i have recently left a past relationship and i found it helpful to give some additional effort to have the painful moments after we broke up.
sometimes you can find a good distraction, which could really help!
yes, well, i don't know exactly how many other options you could have, but perhaps getting into a professional book club that you could also look into to help with your finishing parts?
if i may have talked more detail in my suggestions... you want to focus on a good time, a good book, a good movie, a good car and even a nice movie if you can!. do you have any goals or plans to try and complete the trip?
no problem at all! i am proud of you!
what is going on with you? is there something that is causing it or something specific?
well, i'm sure that it has been frustrating at the time, but i can assure you that it has been through plenty of tests to tell you that this is not something that you have to worry about.
it seems like you are one of the few who will be approved for unemployment through your family. this news is a bit scary for me though, but i have faith in you.
what are some of the additional details that you're trying to give?
i do understand your concern. it sounds like your feeling like you are experiencing stress and distancing over the loss of your wife and the loss of your family.
you sound like you have great options, and it's good you are trying to make ends meet. i know that you can get them next time, but don't give up!
i understand. have you thought about having some sort of private therapy session?
i'm sure you know that if you press the button, you can continue breathing and let it stop completely.
i am not sure really. i have tried it a few times and can't seem to be able to do it again.
you're welcome! have a great day! bye.
is there anything else i can help you with today?
you're welcome! i hope you have a lovely rest of your night.
i am doing well. what's on your mind?
this is so weird to me. covid has really affected the friendships that people have around us. do you want to tell me why?
ah... i can see why you feel down about that. have you tried to talk to your close friends? maybe talk to them in person and ask if they'd consider wearing a mask?
oh, it must be hard when you feel that everyone else is just as involved as you are feeling. i will suggest focusing on positives for yourself.
when did this first incident happen? after covid was over?
i have seen friends who are really hard on themselves when they feel this way. it can be difficult to deal with.
that is a horrible situation to be in with everyone's problems. would you feel comfortable meeting with your friends and if not, would you consider seeking new groups to go to? have you heard of any meetings that you could join to meet new friends?
well, i think that you are exercising. it sounds like you care about your own interests and who you want to end up meeting.
have you thought about maybe getting together a once a year activity to relax or talk about your hobby?
is there any place that would be closest to you that you could visit with other people?
you are very welcome! have a great day!!
no problem! we will be doing it later and i hope you have a great day.
and please thank you! merry christmas!!!!!
you as well! stay safe and good luck! have a great year!
i am here to help! d how are you today?
do you want to talk about whats been going on?
have you been having any particular issues? do you feel the need to talk about this?
oh my goodness, that is so horrible... do you think the pandemic is possibly part of that as well?
i am sorry to hear that you were so hurt. i can feel how much you have lost. do you feel that you are getting too emotionally invested in the situation?
have you tried reaching out to people who are willing to share your story?
i understand why that would seem to make you feel that way. we have such a difficult time accepting that we can be in a certain situation again.
i can see how that could be concerning in a situation like that.
and i think that you should be in the right mind for that. you deserve to have a really good relationship with a wonderful partner, and as long as you aren't worried about partner distress in the meantime, you should be fine!
personally, i like to try and see it as a rebuild of our relationship.
good luck with that, it's great that you have a support system for you and your partner.
i am well how are you? tell me, how is your day going?
sorry to hear that. i understand that you can't afford not being around.
that is the worst part of being a boss, being behind a supervisor who shows up to work instead of doing something
i think that is a very difficult situation. you can't stay isolated during these tough times, so it must be really hard.
have you tried seeking a new profession? there are many options. you should be able to get some jobs in a school or maybe even a job out of your home. also, you could maybe try research online, such as studying your child at home.
is there a pandemic or mental health program that you'd be willing to try?
you as well! we all need that when we have to fight the broken ones.
you too! take care. i think you will be fine.
hello, hi there. how are you? how are you doing today?
how do you feel? can you tell me more about it?
so from what i understand, you feel sad, and maybe feeling overwhelmed?
that is really hard. so many people have been in the exact same position for a while. there must be something out there to help!
and if you're feeling sad or anxious, could you give a cautionary in the meantime?
that's a hard year. but you have a lot of time to put out new applications, it sounds like.
what do you like to do for fun? do you love pet company?
i think volunteering and other local work would be a great start. i think volunteering is another excellent job out there.
that sounds like a great idea! i'm so glad that it worked out for you!
that's scary, however, i can tell that you are doing a great job and doing all the right things.
i just googled youtube and it is one of the more popular subreddits. do you use it?
you should check with your landlord and see how they are handling it. many of them have found that the situation is extremely dark and dangerous.
anytime! i think you should get out there and feel the matter out there.
i hope that you are right, it sounds like you're wanting a job.
bye! you as well!!!!!!!!
oh, why is that? what's on your mind?
what makes you feel insecure? is it because of the night difference?
i find that it is normal to feel insecure, but can you try to distract yourself from it by talking about your personal problems?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any family or friends who might be able to support you?
how have you dealt with depression? it is a general feeling of unfulness in your self, i personally have dealt with depression at one time or another. i have felt embarrassed as well as concerned.
do you have pets that you could take to sleep in the same room that you are comfortable in?
i think that a pet is an amazing idea. there is no shame in wanting a dog. in fact, i think you might meet a lot of people who are looking for a pet that would make you feel comfortable in your bed.
i am sorry that i couldn't be of more help.
i have the power to help you as i'm sure your family will understand and be very happy if you buy a cat.
have you thought about getting an ikea cat? they are the best pet i ever had! i have one and it is beautiful!
are there any aspects that you are comfortable with in general?
have you been feeling lonely for a long time? maybe go to a place that has a coffee. have your friend at home pick up and take you there on your breaks?
unfortunately not too many people have this problem. it must be difficult for you.
my pleasure! you can call me anytime!!!
are you interested in going to sleep after finding the connection that may help?
that sounds very hard to deal with. is there any particular reason or reason behind that?
that sounds like it has been hard. can you tell me more about what's going on in your life?
i am sorry to hear that! is this any step at all to do something to help with this depression?
how far have you been looking for a job? i've been trying to do as much work as possible to stay afloat, so i can get by. i feel that my weight is being bit of a source of stress, though.
what do you think you will look forward to next year?
did you feel the need to look for a new job?
i haven't but i really want to! it's a great way to get back on track!
we have been doing that in the past, but it's not like it was a huge deal - just something that brought a bit of positive awareness.
oh i think that's great! i don't have a cat, but my boyfriend and i get together together and like to go visit the cat room together every weekend : )
there's always the fall season so it's hard for us to get into the mood we need to stay healthy. i hope i have been able to help you : )
i think that would be a great idea. i know neighbors are often concerned about their own health. i bet that it is easy for you to manage dogs.
that's a great idea! do you feel as though your friend is probably being ignored because of this rule?
that's great news! you might get some better feedback than other people if you do volunteer! it's always good to be encouraged and there are resources available to help!
that's great! when i was in college i used to volunteer at a food bank. i used to think it was an offer but i didn't realize you could volunteer from home.
you are very welcome. was there anything else i can help you with?
i am doing fine, whats on your mind?
i'm okay but what makes you feel this way?
so he has a problem with you fighting all the time? i think that is a difficult thing to deal with especially with a family.
have you discussed your relationship with him? and maybe he can try to find something different?
what are you going to do about it? cant he just fix things himself?
sometimes patience can be the key to a successful relationship. have you tried spending some time in the house with your family?
i can definitely feel your frustration. it is never easy. i know it must feel like a maddening and frustrating situation. are you able to talk to your children about this?
i think thats a good idea i think that it would be helpful if you try.
yes it would be tough for them to understand that you are taking care of them even though you are not a parent.
oh that is a tough situation. i understand why you are struggling. i think your in need of some help and you should find one as soon as possible.
that's a good idea! it's better if you stay with them. you have a lot of family that can help you stay afloat!
what does your husband want to do? you could suggest that you talk to your family and see how the situation works out
there are many agencies that might help you search for job as well. it could be a good thing for you to take both of you out for a walk each day.
have you tried and having conversations with him about the struggles in your life and give him time to reflect? sometimes people get hard to talk to.
you are welcome. is there anything else you need to talk about?
thanks! i hope things go back to normal. bye!
i am sorry to hear that. is there something you are feeling down about?
is there any reason why you are not feeling well?
we had a great storm here not too long ago but now i cant complain : )
that's a tough situation to be in. but i have learned if you keep waiting it will get better.
what are your current situations like? i know there are a lot of ways to start off with counselling.
have you tried starting over from scratch? that is what is helpful for me
i think we should take care of yourself and take care of yourself. you can do it, it will not be easy but it will be worth it
it's really weird that everyone was worried about this, but i think some people are. i think it's really great that you can talk to someone about this.
how about community college. there are lots of people working at local churches that can give you some extra money.
yes i have done it before i felt it was my health and my skill set was not safe. have you considered the job loss?
do you have a job where you work from home as well?
i think that the temporary temporary solution is a great one!
i know you are feeling good and i do hope you find something. there are websites that provide job training and further studying so you can get help with your loans
that is really good that you are trying to be kind to yourself though! you can do it.
yes that is always the best way to make sure that you take care of your brain well
you can also consider unemployment if you really need a job in a different field.
i agree, you are probably going to save a lot of money due to all this pandemic is so scary to me but trust me it can be fun to see how our lives change with a change.
you're welcome! it was a pleasure talking to you!
you are welcome! i wish you all the best!
you too!!!!!!!!!!
your welcome and stay safe to!!!!!!!!!!
how so? you feel sad? what makes you feel that way?
when did you start looking for people to trust? i am really sorry to hear that you are going through this. i really know how hard it is to lose someone.
it is not natural to feel sad and depressed, trust me
i am sorry to hear that. you need to find someone who will approve of your behaviour and say, let me do my best to better your life and not cheat.
when did he say he had anything to do with you?
i am so sorry to hear that. did you tell him that you want to try and get back with him?
i understand it must feel rough to not know how to do anything, but you should move on and find someone that will treat you better.
i really hope i can help and maybe you will find someone that will eventually be right for you.
that sounds like a really hard time. did you ever find someone else?
the best thing you can do is get rid of that hurt and hopefully it will help you feel better
well have you talked to him about it? if not, then i can see that you are upset as well.
i understand that. that would not be fair of him
i am sorry you are already on anti depressments. that is understandable.
i hear you. do you live with your parents or do you have a spouse?
i think maybe you can distract yourself with something in your life that you both enjoy doing. would that work for you?
you can try to be a little more selfless and start focusing on something else. do you have any siblings? maybe do something fun like volunteer work. if you've been able to keep yourself busy, maybe do a little part of cardio every day? i know it's very hard right now for some people.
i can see how that would make you feel, but you just have to stay positive that this is the time you will find someone.
i'm glad i could be of assistance! i'm glad i can help! you have done great
you are so welcome! best wishes to you! do you want to make that happen?
hello : ) hello there. how can i help you today?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any specific problem or is it just general stress?
i can understand why it is making you upset. have you mentioned to your boss or your friend or family that you feel this way?
well the importance of being able to lean on yourself and do what you can to keep yourself stimulated is important for you to get through tough times. it might be better to take a deep breath and get to know yourself first.
even more that it sounds like you feel like you are being overwhelmed at work. can you give me some more details?
i completely understand. trying to juggle things can be frustrating and distracting. often, a task which you haven't thought of yet may be a series of problems that affect your behavior.
it is also useful to share your thoughts, feelings, and goals and ideas. maybe join some outside groups or organizations and learn some new things you like.
that's amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i am glad to be of service to you! i hope you can set goals, and hopefully be in great physical shape and be happy for your future!
you are very welcome! bye! bye! : )
of course! i am glad i could be a help. i hope you enjoy the rest of the day!
im doing good thank you and yourself? is there talking to you
is it possible to meet a new friend at a new place or are you currently in college?
i've never been so insecure and i'm having trouble not feeling short
what would you like to do if you weren't working from home? i wonder if you could have agency for your work?
oh yes, i understand. my brother has had issues in the past with going for walks too, and we stopped that immediately.
wow! i understand that. so i assume you feel that social gatherings are difficult at times?
well, you should try out running outside in order to calm yourself. maybe you could start doing exercises to get the adrenaline off.
is it safe at the gym? is there something you can do to keep yourself isolated from anyone?
do you make any plans for things you can do? or even do something you can do together when your friends aren't around?
do you think the social isolation might have something to do with that?
okay i understand that you feel that you need to keep doing that for yourself. is it something that works for you?
if you ever need any other ideas on your own, let me know!
i completely understand. do you feel that getting to go to the park is more important than continuing your friends?
that's great to hear that you're okay with it! it sounds like you really care about helping others with their problems, it sounds like you can feel that way.
you're welcome. i hope it all works out. good luck!
thank you for letting me know how it is going. i'm glad you made the decision to pursue the hiking trail.
i'm doing well. how's your day going?
ok! what is it that seems you are struggling today?
is there anything else on your mind that you'd like to talk about?
yes i've. my best goal is to achieve it. what about you?
i am glad you are feeling better about this! can you please share what happened?
do you have any idea what sort of job you have?
you are so smart. i know you will do great.
no, but i try to join as many people in my world who are close with me. i know a few of my people who are in your position.
you're welcome. i hope your kids will have a happy holiday on christmas day.
you have to quit and take the survey, and tell me what your secret is
i understand. i've had similar situation before. i used to get a rut when i worked a really long time.
i see. i see. did you talk to your line manager about it?
that's good. sometimes that would be helpful. perhaps if you have a different line manager at home you could schedule their hours as well?
have you tried speaking with your line manager about this issue? maybe they might be receptive?
you may need to find an uber or lyft to make it happen. just keep your head up and keep working hard to stay positive.
you could consider looking for a new position, if that's something you'd really like to do.
i think it would help to think of some ideas that maybe you could propose to the coi: you could sit down and talk about the times you're on the clock, perhaps for hours, as well as some other things you might not like to talk about, that may be an idea for you to start to talk about!
i think you're the only one in the group that has been affected. it's ok to have some venting! i think that talking about it will help everyone. maybe you can talk to your co worker's manager and see if there's an extra person you can talk to.
that's good to hear! i hope you all do get through this!
have you guys thought of how that might help your mood?
maybe just make sure you talk to your boyfriend and your covid partner about your worries and why they're worrying. you can't do everything at once!
yes, definitely. i mean what do you want to do for money? what do you think you're doing for fun, but everyone is better off without you.
you need to find the right balance. setting boundaries and setting boundaries should only work on yourself. you have to be firm.
maybe you could try working with other people for at least fifteen minutes, then leave the office, so that your co workers can get by as well.
unfortunately, if you have been acting confidently, you will be removed from the job as a result.
is there something that's bothering you lately? i'm okay.
i understand that. people are mean because they have something against you, or you are ugly?
i see. have you ever tried reaching out to financial support groups? i know some charities that will help with covid and child support.
in many cases, there are premitizations to help with this. have you thought about trying to change your routine by picking out a style you enjoy?
is there anyone you can approach and tell them why you do not want to spend so much?
i don't think you should do that - people do not care. they should probably give you some explanation as to why they are not able to change.
have you spoken with the therapist about how you are feeling at all?
sometimes i have trouble with mine too. at least my old high school does. some of them even give all kinds of work out courses to take students to college for a meeting.
what about a hobby you could make your own? it has been a great way to heal things
just let me know if you need any more help or advice!
you too!.. thanks for talking. : )
you too! bye : ). i hope it helps you!
you don't speak to your best friend anymore because you don't want to? that's a sad thing.
i hear you - that can be very difficult and frustrating. when did this happen?
that sounds like that would have been a very difficult fight to have between you and your best friend.
i understand what that feels like. do you think that perhaps your parents would have understood if you were still close to them? i know that being close to your parents could really hamper the relationship a lot.
you sound extremely upset by how unfair that was for her to get away with something that you apparently do not approve of. that can be a hard spot to be in for those both. i am glad that she took the time to learn how to work through the anger that you are feeling.
that's great. i know you are trying your best, but i have faith that you will be able to get through this.
ah! you are a dedicated fan of the quote. is there anything else i can help you with today?
it sounds like you have made a wrong decision by breaking up. let me ask you this - what happened between you two?
how long has this situation been going on? what if she did something wrong?
you are welcome. i wish you the very best of luck.
always, friendships are a building block for a reason. please, think ahead and weigh the pros and cons. if you feel you are not ready, then maybe you should instead spend time with your friends.
i wish you all the very best. hope you have a good day and continue to think hard!
is there any reason you feel like he can not be sober?
just so you know, it must be difficult to not drink during this times of year, right?
have you tried trying to speak to them about the issues with him?
is there any support available for the friend? family and friends can definitely provide the support and be more of a support yourself.
i know it's tough, but i think you should work on your character and integrity. i know that you can't just win every time. but it's important to show your strength to them as well.
yes that is great. do you feel that he is making a commitment to you?
if he still goes, you can try and put your distance between them. you can try telling him how you feel and him telling you how you can only take care of yourself.
i hope i have been able to help you a bit today.
yes, if he is so sweet, he will accept your help.
that's great to hear. keep it up!
i am sure that you will find some helpful resources, too.
of course, if you need anything else feel free to message me!
you are most welcome! i hope things are getting better for you.
in some ways, i like it. in others i would like it to be clear.
i'm glad i could be helpful, i hope you have a great night.
i hope that helped! i hope you get it, you deserve to be really proud of yourself.
that is very welcome. i hope that this could be helpful to you.
how are you doing today? is there anything, anything i can help you with today?
ok. what type of depression are you having? in terms of weight and how big of a problem it is for you?
do you think he is just trying to find the right solution to his weight?
have you tried reaching out to someone? counselling may be a good idea. have you looked into it?
i have also personally suffered from depression as well and have noticed my lack of being able to eat and drink enough coffee. do you have any tutors you could recommend to help you find some ways to let this affect you more?
i think that is really positive, its not only your body that wants to lose weight, its your body. many of us find that the body can control the way our mind works in the same way that other people do. its much more satisfying when you gain weight.
if you look at the good things you can accomplish then you will also achieve the good thing.
have you tried different diets? exercising every morning could certainly be helpful.
its a great idea, also you are stronger than you give yourself credit for.
you can start small, a puppy will be plenty enough.
youre doing the right things and getting started with your life now. you can do it!
thank you very much. i am so glad i was able to help.
yes it seems like you are almost there! is there any idea of getting new shoes as you are used to them?
welcome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hello, i am extremely happy and healthy and doing fine. how are you?
have you had it long enough to feel this way?
i understand how you feel. my father went through that. it took months to be able to move on.
that is a lot. i am sure your children would love to have some help.
i can tell you're very busy, but you must understand that your husband is a great mum and you shouldn't feel bad at all about this.
you're doing a great job staying safe, that's good that you're willing to do that.
i am sure they love you and that they love you very much. i believe in you and your family
i hope this helps, if i had a child, i'd definitely try the approach. children tend to be selfless when it comes to our own children.
yes, you can. things like, physical therapy, mental health counselling, and the local governments to help you through this.
that's really hard for both you and your husband. my husband is better at staying up at night than when i have to manage our mental health.
you're welcome. i wish you all the best.
wow, i can understand why that would make you frustrated. it must be very difficult being with someone who has taken to taking a stance on facebook. how long has it been happening before they took issue with you?
oh no! i'm sorry to hear that. that's very unusual behavior. is there an instance of that happening or has he suggested ways to resolve this issue?
sometimes, you need to step outside the other party's rudset and let that affect the outcome of your actions.
sometimes it is best to engage in conversation over text and communicate in person. i don't think it is damaging his reputation.
do you think he is trying to hurt you, or is he trying to earn it?
i'm sorry to hear that you feel this way.
i've definitely experienced it with some friends too, it has not always been pleasant, but it does not seem like it at all to me. do you have anyone who would enjoy sharing their experiences with you, that you can talk to about it?
yes, i have. it was very personal, but i think it would be a great idea to try and involve the people who are most likely hurting right now and make sure that you bring it up.
what kind of concerns do you have? have you had problems with his friends?
yes, it might be possible. the more you think about it, perhaps this could be an indication that there is something he is dealing with and may be lashing out.
you are very welcome. have a wonderful day. : )
you are welcome. i hope i can be of some assistance. if you ever need anything else, feel free to reach out anytime. i am glad you were able to connect!
hello, 6 months old? what's on your mind today?
how are you doing today?? is there anything you would like to discuss today?
what are some things that i can help you with?
oh ok that is great to hear, you were sad about it? i completely understand it.
a lot of people aren't interested in doing that.
do you feel as though you may be spending more time on other hobbies or trying to find other opportunities for your self?
i understand, are you having any other coping mechanisms?
what kind of businesses do you want to explore? there are still a lot of door dash opportunities for this
i know you mentioned that you want to start looking at online jobs. are you in school right now?
you're right, i think things will just go back to normal soon, but if you try hard to find things, maybe even add something to your resume and see what you say about the benefits.
i am sure you will. all you have to do is prepare and build yourself.
yes i was lucky to have that job when i was younger. i am thinking of starting an online turk for real
is there anything else you would like to talk about?
also, in combination with working hard you can always fill in online applications or interview with online candidates and see where the job takes you.
yes, very true. i understand what you mean about being broke. however, you have a family and friends to help you. i know you are happy. you are the future.
in my opinion, either way, look good! try to keep your passion and motivation
do your best to match your employees. all the best for your future!
that sounds like a great idea! and then you can start your next business as well.
your welcome. bye!!!!!!!!!!!
how are you, how are you? have you been feeling any better?
sometimes we just put everything we have into a bottle and forget about it. i try to set my own goals, when the time allows.
i completely understand how frustrating that is. are you a student right now?
but it is really a blessing to be a student now. you have the whole experience at this time to be able to relate to others.
that's a tough situation to get into. people are always reaching out to people they don't really like just to find some relief.
have you tried joining anything like a group, that might help, and finding things to focus on, like looking for people to hang out with?
you could try and go to any local local meetings, it might get to a good place for you.
are you really nervous about your grades? did you feel the same way at all in your classes?
is there a major that you'd like to take? i know there are a lot of departments where a lot of students are getting laid off, but do you have a network of social media sites for each class? there are a lot of groups out there for people to join and test their microspeculative skills.
take one step at a time and be confident in your abilities! this year, we all have different levels of confidence in ourselves.
that's a really good way of thinking. just knowing that you have to accept that you're doing so well is the best part!
you're welcome! that was very nice of you to say!
that is terrible. how did you feel about that?
have you two spoken about her cheating? sometimes talking about how she is in control of things would help.
i'm sure she is not mad at you. she will understand and be not mad. your feelings don't change.
are you willing to compromise with her in this situation?
i do think sharing is the first step, you should talk to your friend and how you feel about this.
what would happen if you had to choose between your friend or the husbandwife? you think they would choose the husbandwife?
have you considered volunteering to study or try volunteering in your area?
maybe you can have a go at it, but have an honest talk with your husband first.
i hope so too. i know that i would struggle if i were in a situation like this, too.
that is good. it can also open up an open can of worms. have you tried to talk about the challenges in your life that you face in life? it helps to be open and honest.
i am sorry to hear that. would you like to share some of your frustrations?
it sounds like you have been feeling stressed out at work recently.. is that correct? or have you been worried about it as an adult?
that sounds really difficult. have you looked into a resume online? they have a lot of options and there is also information like college and some online temp agencies that might be able to help.
you're welcome! it's my pleasure.
it can be intimidating. i can promise you that this is very much a learning experience and can definitely provide you with some valuable information. you deserve to have that knowledge and be grateful for what you have. you're a great person and i'm sure there is something you can do to secure that.
i'm glad i could help, thank you for talking to me too!
of course, i'm glad i could help! we all need someone to lean on when times are difficult, that's to be expected. is there anything else i can help you with?
make sure that you have a list of finances that you can leave with. for instance, a small amount of money on hand to help with the rent. this way you can only borrow until the next time you're planning to pay for a moving house. have you thought of discussing this with your partner? or are you worried that you may have to leave without speaking?
it helps to listen to music too, if that's a small step. what are some things you've been doing to relax?
no problem. i hope you have a great day!
have a great night too! : ) stay strong!
how you today? how are you doing today? i'm here for you.
i'm not familiar with the united states policy of assisstlysenting from home. what does it mean to you?
oh my gosh!! that is no good. i would be pretty upset as well. especially if she didn't tell you how to have a roommate until the end of the month
what do you think it was? you sound mad, not betrayed.
ah! yeah, i can understand that. i had a friend that did that to me. i felt like he was trying to demonicate me, and i was furious that he did it.
you're welcome! i'm glad i could help!
good vibes are likely to arrive, so try not to be too anxious.
i see. so that is good. but that is all the news that you need to end this.
you too : ) merry christmas!!!!!!
how is your day going? how is it going today?
i'm good. whats going on??
so the guy you stated is cheating and you were able to get away from him, this gives you a lot more problems and has you feeling even worse.
oh no, i'm sorry to hear that. did you tell him you were having a no sex relationship?
why do you think you should feel disgusted? i would rather be anger rather than anger about something that does not happen naturally.
if your friend was not reasonable, then what made you think he was disrespect? do you still feel this way?
do you feel the same way about him specifically? i see that you feel that he thinks you are worth more than him.
have you spoken to your ex boyfriend or his friends?
i can see how that is a bit of a situation to remember and relate to, but is there any way you can show your ex how much you love him and want to get away from them?
can you tell me what it was that led to the decision, if you dont mind?
you have to talk to your boyfriend before you talk to your boyfriend because he would not want you to feel that you are being unfairly treated.
i'm going to suggest you also do some research into how relationships can be started in the first place.
ah, youre totally right, not interested is a very very negative thing
i think a fair approach is to make sure that you can maintain a meaningful relationship with them with your anxiety, and then sit down and discuss how you feel about their behavior, if they still have the same feelings, that you are dealing with
have you considered contacting some friends? maybe they will be able to help?
i have both of my parents in my home, so i try to stay safe. i did talk to my parents when i was in that same situation, however, they didn't understand it.
your welcome. i hope things go well. have a great day
is there anything else i can help you with today?
if you want to talk about this, please let me know : )
that's how it should be though. they would not want to hear your feelings
so youre not getting the full details? what is that?
is there anything else i can help you with today?
if you need any help, i'm here. if you need anything else just know that we have to chat
i'm sorry to hear that. are you in trouble with your job?
i'm really sorry to hear that! have you spoken to anyone about your problem?
so they are giving you 50 % of their employees a benefit while you're layoing?
i'm sure that it will be okay, right? is this a new thing or did it first start to happen recently?
do you have any plans to reach out to your boss regarding your situation?
i am sure this will be temporary until your skills are paid off and you will start looking for a new job!
what sort of industries are you looking for? what other type of work are you considering?
you could also try and learn from your past by taking an online course, as you mentioned. do you have a source of income?
if you have any hobbies or hobbies that have helped you with these feelings, maybe there is something you could do to get your mind off of these thoughts?
that's great that you are able to work from home! have you tried talking to your doctor? i know that it can be really helpful to take a day or two to really deal with a diagnosis and some personal trauma.
that's all that matter. do you feel confident that you have a solution? if you really do, i would be open to talking about it.
have a great day. you deserve to be happy!
you're very welcome! have a good day.
how do you feel about all this pandemic has done to you?
thank you! i'm happy to help. do you want to talk about anything else?
i'm okay, thank you! how are you doing today?
what have you been doing to get better? what has changed so far?
are you considering a new job? or are you working another job?
that can be really difficult, especially at that time of year.
what grade were your papers on? what were the edits for?
you're very welcome. i wish you the very best in the future.
that's all that can be done. this is your college. you will do great.
hi! injuries are being less severe. how are you?
how are you today? what was your favorite part of school?
hello, what's on your mind? i'm doing well... thank you for asking.
that's a shame. the populates the chat. do you have to reopen it when you submit?
it will happen i promise. i want to think of a future when my kids can grow up and see the value of the outdoors again. i have a brother and sister that i fell in love with and have been considering working on growing and going into something even bigger. the sun is always on our merry christmas.
i have been through something similar when i was in a similar situation. it helps to try to focus on the good that came your way.
can you talk about that with me or someone else?
i think you can get out there in the world to find the good things in your life. you will never be bored and never have to worry about anything else.
you too! i hope you feel better. have a wonderful evening!
what's on your mind? do you have any physical problems that might make it's way through the day?
it sounds like you are feeling a bit overwhelmed with life right now. are you happy with your life?
would you like to tell me what caused you to feel that way?
how about work? it's one of those things that i do when i'm tired and it helps to breathe. also, when i have free time, i try to spend some time outside at home with friends or play with my dogs.
that sounds like a great idea, and i am sure that will be exciting!
you as well. please get yourself ready for a new year, holiday, holiday and visit your aunt anytime you feel like it.
yes, i have worked with many therapists, and i have learned so much about the different ways they can work on couples issues.
i see. are you in a relationship?? if you are, then you could try calling friends and family to help you cope.
you are welcome. i wish you all the best on the trip.
you are welcome! anything else you want to talk about?
can i suggest some new presents? i know it's a hard time right now but you can make your own!
that's a tough position to be in. i've found that just feeling the way you are, especially right now, has really helped me cope with what i went through.
that is completely understandable. also you could explore activities you enjoy in your spare time like video chatting or reading at your favorite places.
i see. so you are really afraid that things are going to be dispirituated if you are not able to hang out?
that's ok, we can't all be as great as we use to be.
yeah it does sound that way, i have found that facetime with friends can be very very calming and changing. however, it's a difficult time for a lot of people. i think finding a way to feel your way and stay connected is a great idea.
well, it sounds like you are making some progress, so i think you are good on that front. are you able to do those activities for fun or an hour at a time?
i think the pandemic is currently looking more on its side, i know some people can go for the gym every day. have you considered putting down a fitness tire? i know you can do that just fine in winter, just stick to your facts.
you sound really brave for talking to someone about it, just from chatting with you i can tell that this is a very important moment you are having for everyone.
how are the distance from home and the surrounding city?
do you have a journal or a journal journal? maybe you can find one of those in your local community, and post it online to see how it helps
when did this start? i can't be sure.
i see. is that what's making you feel that way?
i know how difficult it can be to achieve your goals, but at the same time you may need to be able to save the world so that you can reach your goals.
i also play a lot of video games and i also love it!
do you go to any social events or activities that interest you in that would benefit from the stress of that game?
i have thought it's not severe but i think i am glad that you have options.
if the future has already come, i think you could try making it a point to be at least 13 hours every day. if i understand correctly, if you play more than one video game per day, then you would feel more like you are at risk of becoming addicted to another video game.
do they tell you that you are invested on your work or that you lack any signs of effort at times?
what do you think could possibly help? i know that not all schools are super helpful in dealing with covid because there are many who don't seem to give a good shers. have you talked to any of your teachers about this?
i would consider taking it up with your school counsellors. i myself took my classes in high school and in college. it really helped me a lot.
i think that would be a good option. if it's for school, then they might be able to help you out and really help you find the cause.
that is completely understandable. have you thought about reaching out to an academic counselor for the help you are getting? they should be able to point you in the right direction.
well, i've been playing video games with a partner before, so you do have the opportunity. are you aware of any other options available in the online resources available?
you're welcome! it's a very interesting time.
you too! : ) bye!!!!!!!!
great! what is the problem that you are having?
i'm glad to hear that! are there any things you'd like to talk about specifically at all?
i see. so it sounds like you are feeling as though the new numbers have increased, and the one that doesn't increase is a result of covid?
you as well, have a great day! and stay safe too.
i know things will get better soon. is there anything you would like to discuss with me?
yeah, it is just a very tiny bit more crazy this year, but i can tell you feel good about it. the next step is a win and you have been taken with the support of the world so don't worry too much.
you know... even if you have to get used to a new pattern of fear and anxiety over the last few months, what to expect from others if they are suddenly getting into a stressful situation?
do you feel guilty about how you feel? is it because you've felt stuck, maybe?
i can understand that. i think that some people just need some weight to balance things out. i remember when i was feeling this way, i started trying to reduce the weight and i found that it made me feel more accomplished. i guess you could say that for the past few months, the changes in our brains have been very dramatic.
you're very welcome. i hope you have a good day!
yes, it's very difficult to judge when it comes to a person. but at the same time, we might just have to learn all of those things we were previously doing to cope with that time.
i also feel it is a terrible place for advertising to get very public.
maybe they are safe but don't fear others, like i understand being different but they may not be the best fit for you.
i think that if everyone really loved the outdoors and kept away from the precourt issue, the pandemic wouldn't be happening. it would just make things worse, and it wouldn't be good for the social health of the general public. it wouldn't really be anyone's problem
i have to admit that i do not have to thank you for the survey ; ) it was very open ended and helpful. thank you for being the community and for sharing your thoughts. we were all here to help each other and learn new things.
are you considering suggestions for another path to get the green way?
i hope we can! and i know this can get you quite accomplished for the time being.
that's great to hear! i hope things get better for you soon. : )
good luck! you're welcome. i'm really glad i could help!
that's wonderful to hear. i think that a lot of people are going through these sort of moments and need to be encouraged to stay positive and keep moving forward.
ok, is there anything else i can help you with?
is there anything else that i can help you with today?
how would you like to chat? i am here to listen!
why do you feel that the pandemic is causing you to be upset?
it's a scary time, and i definitely understand how you are feeling. what are your concerns about the covid situation?
sometimes it is hard to discern a couple main problems, or changes that happen in the world, as well.
okay, yes, the future seems to be more important for everyone. i've found that putting into a few pages on social media can completely remove the emotion. i try not to worry too much.
i do feel that, however, that at the end of the day, some people will take that information and handle it completely correctly. i believe that it is very important that you have decided to be completely calm and remain free of the gop!
i used to take long walks, and keep my mind off of things. in the past i would walk for a few hours, and then i would engage myself in a calm, self - care - free setting, which helped a lot.
glad to hear that. and that's great!
good luck. i'm sure you'll do great.
do you think you could try to identify the root cause of your anxiety?
do you need to keep your head up? you can always keep them in touch with family and friends and try to make sure they understand.
you're welcome. you should get help with any fears of death, anxiety, or depression.
do you feel like the people you're closest to are suffering or a lot due to your actions?
i really am glad to help! i would love to hear what you have to say.
so you feel that you are not able to go out with friends because you feel you are not in any demand?
i would definitely ask him why you feel that way. is he able to spend time with you?
so it was his break up? or is this something else?
i hear you. i have had a tough time too, we were together for 6 years and everything has been going well.
ok. can you try communicating that to him. do you feel he is hurtful and that you don't want to speak about it?
i can understand why you would want to talk to your boyfriend. he should be able to talk to you
that is a great place to be! it sounds like you have a lot of work to do.
this pandemic is making everyone sad and depressed i understand.
a new one? i feel you are feeling depressed and sad because of your relationships failing. so you don't want to let it end. but you need to tell me what you want to do.
i am glad to help. just do some meditation before you feel really sad and depressed. please try it.
please try to reach out and get help for your depression
you are welcome... good luck...
it's understandable. school is a stressful field. i know how anxious you are about school work. i would be too. what about your few moments of free time do you feel is helping you get out of the thoughts of anxiety?
why would you feel anxiety about academic work? i'm a student studying full time and am worried about school too.
what might be a positive aspect of the academic pressure? would you be happy if you had a positive teacher on your side?
i think that has some truth to it, too. at least from what i've heard, it seems that once you put in the effort you can't as well. have you tried talking with her about your expectations?
there is no shame in wanting to achieve your high standard. for sure. it is very important for you to pass. please be prepared for that result though!
that is such a great attitude. my mother, however, has not been able to do as well as i have in the past, so i totally understand why she is so nervous.
i would recommend both of you explaining that you feel she is being misvalued and trying her best and for your all your grade.
are you able to explain that to her? and make her see that you do as much as you can so that she can see how you feel?
do you feel as though the school of financial aid is one of the most important resources available in the world?
i know it can be frustrating to see things go south but maybe it will be worth a shot at least?
that is a great feeling! it can definitely help to have an outlet for it though.
i definitely enjoyed college a lot, but i definitely did not love it at first. i also felt like it was unfair to reward myself for not being able to find a job sooner than later. i took up a part time job, even though it was taking longer than i should for now. do you feel the same way?
yes, it is very hard to get back to the old days of being social at work.
i feel that you could also make new friends by your own.
that's good. it is good that you have a few people around you that you can confide in.
i think that you are good at being more sensitive, but that the study system will not help at all.. you will feel more overwhelmed by how much time and money you have in your life and your concerns will thank you for coming to this degree. i hope that you have a good attitude with the covid that you are seeing right now!
i would ask your friends for advice about getting a part time job?
i know it is hard to make up your mind, but when things get very hard you need to take time to make up your mind. do you have friends who you can share this with, or do you feel alone?
how are being a a little girl? can i help you now?
oh no! you are having a stressful presentation on a stage! i'm sorry to hear that.
it must be very rough to have anxiety when it comes to thinking of others
i completely understand. i have gone through similar experiences in the past.
there are many people at work that have watched movies and books about the nervous endrotony of giving presentation and fear and find the fear to be very natural.
i am confident you can! it is good you are realizing you are able to get past the situation. you will do just fine!
have you ever tried to practice for presentation? or even go for long breaks?
yes, it will help you grow more at a much better stage. do you have people you can say you could talk to?
don't fear about it - just focus on the things you love, keep your eyes on the line and breathe, remember that you are always able to do your best!!
that is understandable and i totally understand. don't let fear blind you, instead focus on the problem and how you can overcome it.
and keep your head up!!!!!!!
i'm doing well. what seems to be bothering you?
ah yes, depression can be very tough. have you tried meditation?
yes, it can be overwhelming when we are not able to work.
i think you should see if there is anything you can do to help overcome the state of the world.
the universe is so crazy. with proper emotional support, each of us can overcome these turbulent times. any suggestion on things i can do?
there is a global crisis. but there is so much new, new directions and new methods. have you explored or explored any of these suggestions, as they have helped us through this tough time?
i would try to think of things that you can overcome so you have more time for yourself. if you can't do that, try some new activities like talking to someone like a therapist or counselor.
i know it seems like it's hopeless right now but try to see a therapist that will help you realize that it's all about love.
we need new tools and solutions to cope with the cold. also, make sure you are in good mood to get some kind of medication and be aware of covid. do you have insurance for your family members that you don't see everyday?
you can also visit home to meet new friends. sometimes the vaccine can help ease the load.
you might consider looking into providing local employment and your local restaurants or grocery stores?
thank you! you are welcome, i really enjoyed the conversation and happy to help!
i do feel as though i am not alone in this. i don't get to travel for an extended time, but i know when i am home i enjoy the company of my loved ones.
are you doing anything to prepare? even if you fail, you can't forget about it
that sounds very fun! do you live in college or are you going to class?
ah. well, it is possible! it sounds like you will be extremely efficient in going out!
oh i see! a bunch of paragraphors? that seems difficult!
i would say just write down whatever is right. sometimes we get under our skin and can't control what we do. maybe you should see a therapist? they are there to help!
i can't say you won't be, but even if you do, i don't think you'll be much better than the other students. i can't think of a worse situation than the semester after you graduate
yes that's a good idea.. that's something i've thought about as well
i think you're drunk lol. lol
ive used that technique before with some years ago actually... i dont know why i never got a better effect on myself.
you will find that you have the ability to grow your own however you will feel responsibly in the shower with good quality and give back to your friends in the future. even if it's risky, it will bring everyone together for good.
do not worry about your health.. i'm sure you will just be fine
ah engineering is very good... well done!
it's over here : ( a lot of it isn't valid )
i think so. there are a lot of free counselling places where i live.
and then when you finish what you've started you can try again : )
i am so sorry to hear that. can you tell me a little about the situation?
have you been working on it for too long? would you like to tell me what type of work is troubling you?
what do you think is going on? the week before the deadline?
what do you do for work? do you enjoy being at work?
yes, it seems like that would be a good idea. to get the creativity out of it, if you do the same work, you will have that extra time to laze around and create new work.
i think that would work. you could accomplish multiple goals each day, especially in a single day.
i am glad i was able to help you. please don't get discouraged.
i would focus on the present moment before i try and focus on anything else, no matter how difficult it is. maybe you can go online and look at your own chart to see what strategies you use to get through the day.
okay, thanks. i hope it helps a lot.
of course, best of luck! : ) maybe a day will become clear and you can move forward and achieve goals again. you deserve a reward.
hello! hello there, how are you feeling? is there anything that you need to talk about?
oh i'm sorry to hear that, tell me about it?
i understand how you are feeling and i can understand how you can feel down
if you feel that you need help and help to get through this, it could be for the best
i am glad i could help! i would be so glad that you are going through this, you deserve someone that will guide you.
ok so you said that your fianc is almost ill, would you like to tell me what makes you upset?
can u stop by anytime, if i may ask?
we reached out to local government members. if you would like to discuss business visa's. the only way that i know of is through court, but maybe you could talk to your husband in court and give him an application for a secondary visa?
yes, do all the fun travel you need to do
it was nice talking to you as well! is there any other chance of seeing her ework there?
and you have a nice day too! you can do your fianc's till you recover from your covid
you too, i hope you have a great day!
i'm doing well thank you. can you please tell me about this was your first day?
don't think like that, think about what you could have done if you tried
what is the issue you are having? what makes you feel that one of them isn't worth it or not?
i see. a lot of people feel the same way. do you know what you want in life?
well, i'm glad that you asked. if you are thinking about that, you may want to see a therapist and try and find something on your mind about you. perhaps a medication or some natural stress reliever to help you forget about how you're feeling?
but you are still going through time. some of those men do not seem to care about the physical, but want a woman they can reach for anything.
that is a good attitude to have. you can't end up like that. this is just the worst time of your life. it sounds like you don't want to go anywhere and be left unfulfilling.
i see. are you also feeling the way you feel about the current situation? there are people who are taking advantage of your self confidence while also knowing you are a grown up?
why does it make them run the other way? it seems like the goal is to see the power in the relationship and not feel guilty.
yes that is the best way to handle this. i think they both will agree to be honest and open up to you about what they would do.
yeah i'm thinking the same way. it's definitely not for everyone but i know some people have had situations like that happen and it seems like an opportunity to find a better one at a different time.
thank you for talking! and don't forget to down vote the message below. i don't want any trouble.
i am doing good. how m fine today? tell me about yourself.
how is the weather where you are today? im happy to listen and talk if you want to talk about it
so you lost your job due to covid then you're not really getting paid and your paying your way due to it
good to hear that. hopefully this year can feel more positive
what kind of work do you do? i'm glad to help you, it must be hard right now.
have you spoken to a workers union? in the us the government has already been able to deal with this
it sounds like you're trying really hard to find a better job. is there anything else you'd like to talk about?
that's a good idea, it might be a good idea.
i was in college for the lean group and had ins too
yeah it's a good area for open ended work and even some of the positions will pay decent. at least in my line of work.
that sounds like a really good idea. just be careful they may not want to hire a guy or make you feel bad about wanting to lose your job
no problem i enjoyed talking to you! enjoy the rest of your day.
there is a no fault solution : ), also just make sure to not listen to any the click : ).
hello! hello, how are you? what can i help you with today?
it is nice to hear that. i'm glad you're feeling better. how any thing you'd like to talk about?
i know it can be tough right now. is there something specific that you are having an increase in expenses for recently?
it sounds like you're very stressed out about it. is there any reason that you feel that you are losing the job due to the increase in expenses?
i think it would definitely be worth asking for a restructured job, especially if there are a lot of opportunities out there.
my pleasure. would you consider any other questions? i'm really here to listen.
do you have any experience of doing long term work in a different area of the country, for example?
the searches and input can be difficult, but it's important to realize that things are moving in a positive direction, even if not quite yet.
of course. i'm glad i could help. i hope you find a place you want to work at that does include nonprofit services.
yes, i hope so too. i hope things work out for you!
that's horrible, so sorry to hear that. breakups can be difficult.
what did you end up breaking up with? was there any reason you didn't have anything in your life planned?
i am sorry to hear that. i have also had some time to grieve.
i am sorry that happened. do you have any hobbies that you can have fun with?
i would suggest setting an end to the argument. if there is no way to do that, then it will only make things worse. if there is no way for you to reconcile, it will lead to you not being able to see your future with your girlfriend again.
what other problems do you have? i am sure there are some people out there who will help you a lot if you talk to them.
i think it would be best to call her. after the break up you might feel as though you deserve someone more committed.
that is up to you. don't feel embarrassed, it can make you feel any worse if you don't tell her what you think is going on.
have a good rest of your day and nice chat!
i am bob. you can start talking to a counselor, i am sure you can find a solution.
is there a specific issue that you are having? i have a feeling that may be making you feel that way.
are you looking for any employment online? otherwise what would you normally do?
i see, you think that because you are looking for a higher paying job that it is no longer about you? or perhaps you are planning on seeking a different career path?
it sounds like you have had a hard time finding something worthy of continuing working in order to pay bills.
i can understand why you would feel that way. is there any way that you could maybe form your own unique persona that way you would feel comfortable to fit into this other job you might work at?
are you considering considering changing careers? when i was young i used to work at a home support group and it helped me quite a bit.
i would suggest you try and do this.. you need to choose one day to do it and one day you will feel accomplished.
i think it is important to talk to your boss about these tough times in order to make them become better. have you thought of that suggestion?
has there been any case of coping with the upper management changes?
what activities do you enjoy that have you been productive at this time?
good luck with everything! hope everything works out for you too!
i agree! i personally like to check my own schedule or do workouts even if it's not the most important thing.
of course! that was a pleasure speaking with you.
thanks, you too! have a great day!!
