Hello good afternoon.
I'm feeling anxious that I am going to lose my job.
I hope I don't.
I am on short term disability and I am not ready to go back to work yet but I do not have any job protection.
It's not ending yet, but no my job is not protected. I live in the United States, but I have not been at my job long enough to earn protection for medical leave.
you have to have been here for a year, and I started November 2020
I'm afraid that I will lose my job since I'm still on disability for the foreseeable future.
I have, but they are telling me that it is up to my department manager who isn't actually getting back to me about it yet.
No, I have sent them a few emails about it. It makes me nervous. I do not have a phone number to call and my psychiatrist really does not think I am ready to go back to the stress of my job.
I wish I could just call him, but I do not have a phone number for him. Just his email.
HR is the one who gave me his email.
I don't think he has a direct work line, and they're not allowed to give out personal information.
Yes! 100%. Every time my phone rings I get nervous that I'm being fired and I'm worried I made a mistake going out on disability. I needed to though, but I'm nervous.
Thank you for saying that. That does make me feel better. It sucks sometimes we have to choose between our health and our jobs. We don't get paid to take care of our health though, we only get paid to work.
hello I am ok how are you?
well as I stated above my father passed last year and now due to finances we need to move. I am out of work due to Covid19 it is hard moving not being able to support my family
thank you! I find myself so stressed then I get scared and depressed wondering what will the future hold will we be ok will we take another hit will I get sick will my Mother be ok
it keeps me up at night and I cant seem to get away form it even for a moment
yes and its always in the back of my mind burning. Like don't be to happy because things are going to fail
It does help to talk about it with someone who doesn't judge
This whole covid thing makes it 10 times worse
easier said then done I'm high risk so I have been social distancing
maybe but I need to be carful plus honest I dont want many people to know about my feelings
maybe an online chat group
well I don't know if its a plan but an idea just knowing I'm not alone helps
yes I know and with covid so many are depressed stressed and sad
thanks I will have to look online take your suggestion
thank you for your kind words
I will look online for the info you suggested I will see if maybe I can talk to a friend if we can do safely thanks again
Hello Hello
Hello Bob, nice to meet you
I would like to talk but not sure if I can I will try
I am a caregiver and i can only come back and forth
My main job started so i am in this room an at the same time i wan to do mTurk and take care of them]
that is wonderful
I love chocolate chip cookie
thanks for your encouragemnt
I think that already helped,e
not today but sometime this week.
oh nice 1
yes please
I made oatmeal cookie last week. I love baking
wonderful, i would pay $ to buy Bob's cookie
nice, thank you
yes I love it. I put 2 cups of sugar all the time.
2 sticks ofbutter
I am full, and I am good
thanks it was great to talk to you Bob, Xmas couselor
I will think about it
im good, have a good evening
my recent ex gf gave her daughters drugs while on a video chat with me. While being very dishonest in our relationship, i am devestated about the truth of all of it now that its over. I really loved her. and her kids. we had some great times. I turned her in for giving her kids drugs as thats not okay.
today im super sad. i dont have any motivation. I dont want to really be around, and im trapped in my thoughts with everything. i had to move to get away from her stalking me. now im in a new place trying to find a job and get set up here. Its difficult to start over.
its a pretty intense situation i admit.
That is what she did. Among many other things.
Its a difficult time. I want to do nothing. It feels very bleek right now worrying about finances and getting set up in a new state.
her daughters now both live with their dads. so thats taken care of, he kids are safer and better off. I however am devastated that the whole relationship wound up a lie and the whole thing has me really in a bad place mentally.
Thats a hard light to see at the end of the tunnel when things are bleek.
im not sure what else to do.
My mind runs away a bit right now, its just all stress ful
Finding a better job.
might be a more productive task.
you dont want to continue to talk
I see. i thought you had left.
Hi can you help me with my problem?
I'm disgusted with my friend for cheating on her boyfriend. Am I right to feel this way?
Because she's not acting the way she should be acting.
Her boyfriend is a nice guy so he doesn't deserve this treatment
Yeah, but I'm also thinking it's not my business. I should just stay out of it.
Well I thought it was good until that happened. He doesn't know. So I just feel gross around them.
Yeah, she doesn't really care because she's not going to tell him. I'm questioning whether I should still be friends with her.
It's hard to stop thought because we work at the same place.
though..
Yeah, I've been trying to, but she's always talking to me
I guess, but I'd rather just avoid her.
I'm thinking if I ignore her then she
she'll get the hint
Yeah, I realize she's quite selfish so confronting her wouldn't help.
Just not respond to her messages and avoid the areas she's in
Is that ghosting?
I've tried this before and there wasn't anyone on the support side...
I also tried to be the supporter but I think the screen froze at some point. I couldn't complete that side. So, I'm trying this again. Not sure if I got credit for the others.
Hoping I won't be punished with a rejection for talking to myself.
Oh, hi! Thank you.
I was just talking to myself. lol No one showed up the last few times I tried to do this.
I'm just looking for someone new to talk to. I don't really feel like I can express my actual feelings in my current living arrangement.
I've heard the pandemic has affected a lot of people. I'm always alone anyway...or with my roommate,so I haven't noticed much of a difference.
It's difficult when we have absolutely nothing in common.
I'm mainly worried that she'll throw me out of the house and I'll have no where to live.
Oh god forbid we watch a movie. She's too obsessed with CNN to watch anything else.
She's become brainwashed by the tabloid media...
I actually do yoga every evening. She hates it. I'm living in her home without a lease, so I wonder if she can just tell me to leave.
I can't imagine why anyone would want to watch the news for more than to just catch up (If you like lies and nonsense)
That is good news. Thanks for letting me know that.
I just found mturk. I just started here. Any advice as to what to do? I've mainly just been doing surveys. I'm not good at the small tasks.
Oh wow, that's amazing! I've done this particular hit 3 times...I've only found a person once though. I will definitely check out the videos. thank you!
What are pandas? Or is it too hard to explain?
Oh, I see. Great! Thanks so much for chatting with me and for the advice.
It's been nice to have someone new to vent to. :)
Thank you, you too!
hi I need help. I'm under academic stress
I am failing one of my classic.
I'm worried about my scholarship
Yeah, I feel like I can't focus because I'm back home with my family and I just feel like there are so many distractions.
Yeah thats really the reason I wanted to go away from college. I dont really have my own space when I'm here.
People just come in and out of my room as they please in spite of how busy I am.
I honestly am worried that they will be disappointed. Maybe that's crazy. I just remember how proud they were when I got this scholarship. I don't want them to blame me.
Yeeah thats why im not officially failed. My teacher gave me an extention on my final.
So, I'm working on it, but i just can't focus.
I actually was thinking of going somewhere else to study. but i actually like the idea of a schedule better. I will try that first. Thank you.
Hi..Iam doing good..how are you
Iam in final year of university and iam unable to complete the studies
Iam a mother of 2 year old son and he is giving me a hard time to finish my work..
My husband is having full time job and he has to travel an hour to get to work..
My parents live in another country and they cannot come here to my place because they dont have a valid visa..
Is there any other option for me to consider?
I am little low on budget and cannot afford a nanny for my kid..or i cannot afford day care centers..
I think i can search for it and work on it..This is a good idea..
sure..thank you for your help..I really appreciate it..
bye,,Stay safe and healthy in this pandemic..
Hello. Thanks for helping me today.
I'm feeling anxious about finding work and and impatient with the application process at many places I"ve applied.
Yes thats right. I keep trying and feel like I"m not getting anywhere.
Yes. I think that I might have to try to find a different type of work than I"m used to and I'm not sure I'll be good at trying something new.
I wish that I could get more of a reason than just a denial of my application. I'm not sure what I'm doing wrong and most companies won't give any feedback.
I haven't tried reaching out. Most of the places I"ve been applying are huge corporations with no one to call at HR. Maybe I should try to apply somewhere locally and see if I have better luck. At least then I could talk to a person.
Thats a great idea. I've been considering going back to school to see if I can maybe get a higher degree.
Ive got a Bachelors degree now and it seems like everything takes a Masters degree these days.
What I'm most interested in is importing and exporting of exotic fruit but the recent restrictions on travel have really hurt the business.
I've been thinking maybe I'll go back to school for something more practical like plumbing
Ugh getting accepted for a masters program sounds stressful. I'm thinking I can't go wrong by becoming a plumber or an electrician. Everyone always needs that, even with the pandemic.
I wish there was a way you could try different jobs for a few days to see if you like it before starting the process of going to school
I need understanding at this time.
Please respond and help me see what I did wrong.
Thanks for answering me.
I need support for my depression.
What can you tellme to help me adjust.
That would be wnderful. Thank you.
Are you there?
It is. I want t feel like a good person again.
I am not sure of that. I feel like a failure.
Yes. Maybe too much.
That makes sense. If I could look at it that way I might make it through this.
useless person. I want to feel hopeful again.I feel like a
Wrong typing there
Thank you for caring about me. I needed that very much.
So am I. Have a great day.
Help is so great between people.
I am having a lot of anxiety and overeating because I cannot decide if I should switch jobs
Yes because I am overeating a lot of sugar and junk food. And I can't sleep
Right, I can't decide what I should do, should I leave my job or not.
That's a really good question. I think it would, but I'm worried I wont be any good at it.
I don't like feeling lots of anxiety, so I feel like I want to keep doing what I'm doing. But then I don't want to miss out on this new opportunity.
I haven't thought about seeing a doctor. It could help. But I also feel like nothing can help me.
Yes, that is it, it feels hopeless. I've always had so much anxiety over my life, I'm so sick of it. I wish I could just feel calm for a little bit.
Maybe I should seek treatment, I haven't thought about doing that.
That does sound like a good idea. Since we are in COVID, I don't see or talk to anyone that I used it. So I feel pretty lonely, just going in circles in my head.
Definitely. I can't see people that I used to or my parents. It really sucks. This year has been so stressful.
I think it's hard for everyone. I can't wait for it to be over. I think we have another year till it's really over. I'm I'm so tired already.
I need to see friends and do activities. It's more healthy for everyone that way.
I'm not sure. But I like your idea about getting help. I will look into that tomorrow. Thank you for that idea.
No Thank you Bye Bye
Hi, I am in a bad mood and am hoping you can help :)
My roommate has told me she wants me to move out but I have no where to go. I feel helpless.
She says I'm too critical and I complain too much. Meanwhile, she's the miserable one.
She's had both vaccines and watches CNN 20 hours a day...meanwhile I watch positive videos, do yoga, meditate and work all day. She's projecting.
I'm trying. I'm not saying anything negative even though that's just my NY personality. She doesn't have a sense of humor though.
I think she just wants to live alone here and wallow in her misery and embarrassing TV choices. lol But yes, you're right, I'm just trying to make her comfortable. And yes, we have nothing in common.
I may buy a car to live in. But I'm in AZ and it's about to be 110 degrees every day...
She screamed at me one day about 2 weeks ago, but hasn't mentioned it since. But, I do know she still wants me to go...the problem is if I bring it up, she gets really angry. It's like I can't win.
I think she thinks when I try to talk about it, it means I want to leave and since there's nothing either of us can do about it, she hates me even more...because it implies I can't stand her. If that makes any sense.
She's extremely non-confrontational. (except for that one day where she just let it all out--hates my personality apparently)
But I don't want to make her mad again. Sometimes she just forgets things. lol Maybe she'll forget that she wants me to leave.
The funny thing is, she just bought a trailer....and I offered to live in it. She didn't go for that idea.
She bought it as a horse trailer. So she can both live in it when she goes on the rode and carry her horses too. But she hasn't even used it since she bought it months ago. Do you know how long we're supposed to chat for btw?
road*, not rode. lol sorry
Ah, 15 minutes...I see it says on the left.
Oh good, I think we've done that? I tried this study before but don't know if I got paid...don't think so.
Okay, cool. Well, thanks for the advice. This is my reality right now actually.
bye :)
Hello
I am very unhappy
My bank account went into the negative this morning. I also keep having abandonment issuess with my boyfriend and I was supposed to leave Friday for Dallas, but with my bank account in the negative, I am scared
Yes it was
Not yet I am going to soon
He is struggling financially and wants to leave his apartment and I am supposed to be there Friday but things are a mess.
More like he'll leave me
No, he did not say that I just alway sfeel like someone is going to leave me because of past relationships and trauma
Yes, I have he feels similarly. I may be talking to a professional on Wednesay because of group therapy.
I am sorry about the abusive relationship
Therapists ccan be a big help I am glad that I found one
Yeah, that's true. You can break from something so bad and painful, but it takes a lot to get ack to being yourself again. Although, it's very important to do so.
That's very true and they can be stubborn, it's important nto to be.
No it isn't. I remember doing homework packets the last time I went to therapy and it's not easy. Revisiting trauma isn't easy
That's true. There's a light in the darkness knowing you survived.
It has been, it's been helpful thank you!
hello
I am good. How are you?
I am having a little bit of conflict with my parents. I want to pursue psychology major while they want me to do business so I can help my brother's business in the future
They feel I am letting them down
Yes
I have no idea how to explain to them
but at the same time I do not want to let them down
My brother is out of the country right now
and my parents are not willing to listen to me at the moment
my parents are her
With me
my brother is out of country
not right now, but he wants me to in the future
Yes I was thinking myself to have a full on conversation with him and explained him that just like he has the right I have the right as well
I am pretty sure if he understand then my parents will too
Thank you so much for listening to me and explaining me!
I really appreciate your helo
help*
I hope you have a good day
Bye
bye
Got any advice for a lonely single fellow in his mid thirties? I miss my friends, and virtual meetings on Zoom don't feel the same as meeting in person!
Well, I've been writing enough poetry to publish a book, so I'll certainly do that. I know the pandemic has been rough for everyone. Hopefully my doctor will say I qualify for the vaccine soon.
Getting my stimulus check in the next week or so would certainly make me a bit happier, too.
Oh, I took advantage of virtual yoga and zumba early on during the pandemic. Friends had virtual classes. Eventually they were able to go back to work. Being disabled is a poverty trap for a lot of people, not just me. I really want to find a girlfriend once I get vaccinated.
Well, certain things don't work for every person.
Technically, no, I don't HAVE to wait to get vaccinated, but then again, maybe I don't want a girlfriend. The only one I had ten years ago in college wanted to marry me and have a child and I wasn't ready for commitment. I fear marriage, actually.
That's a good point, I'm sure if my poetry is entertaining or full of truth about my experiences in a wheelchair, perhaps a woman will find that attractive
Or I could just get an adult entertainer to be my companion for a day. I've done that before with women in that industry. It costs a bit, but it's worth it for companionship
No, I just hate the idea of waking up to one woman for 20 or 30 years
But it's better than being alone
Did he really? Well, it's sad how he ended up, I'm too scared to commit suicide like he did! I enjoy living life, even when I have months at a time without human connection
You're right, I just lack self confidence in my poetry....hopefully I'll figure out a way to spit it out on a blog or something
Oh it's been very fulfilling for me when I've had the opportunity to use it. Most of them are genuine women. Only a handful have tried to take advantage of me.
I'm definitely an extrovert
That was a clever pun by the way
It's ironic and strange how many people struggle with that stupid voice in their head that tells them they're not good enough to accomplish anything.
Well of course it's consentual. I would never NOT ask for permission to do things with a sex worker, or any person.
I'll have to Google that, I've never heard of that, but thanks for the advice!
Yes there is, and I am pressing it right now. Thanks so much, I'll be fine. Have a good night!
Hello
I am always in the mood of depression
If I want to do something , I think it's negative part only
Thanks for the hint. I tried it many-times. But I can't.
Do you have any other idea to get out from this negative point of view mind?
For example If I want to answer for question front of other people , I am not able to answer even I know the answer.
I can go out for party. But I don't have girl friends
I am not useless because I am an example of Useless.
I am not able to understand your words
Even I am not able to understand my mother tongue.
Do you have solutions for me?
Thank you. I try to change myself from now. No one can play my role better than me. Thank you for your cooperation.
hi
Currently I am worried to show up to work. We had a staff appreciation Thursday and we all got super drunk in front of our boss, and I am honestly scared he will judge me or fire me.
Yes, we are all laughing at the matter, but you can tell our boss is looking at us different. We all showed up to work Friday hungover, and he just made lots of comments and jokes to play the part, but you can tell he is looking at me and everyone different. I do not know how to redeem myself.
That sounds a lot easier said than done. I was the one who was the most drunk. But I do now know if he knows how drunk we all got since he left after one of us got hit in the face with a golf club and had to take her to the ER. So what if I say too much and apologize for what he does not know.
He is the doctor of the office and the 2 office managers were pretty drunk too. It was a hot mess if I have to be honest and being an office full of girls I feel like we went too far. I for one feel embarrassed, and feel like just not saying anything and it will fade away. But I know the next few weeks will be a little hard, for all of us. This one is for the books, and something I have never encountered in my 10 years of working.
I think so. Somethings are sometimes better left unsaid. I just feel like avoiding it, but I do not know if anyone else would do the same. What would you do?
You have guts. I think I will work on that and build the guts to talk to my boss if I ever have to. Thank you for that.
You are right. In the end I will do the right thing, even if it takes me some time to get there.
Just that. I think you helped me with the only issue I currently have.
Thank you!
I'm good, thank you. I hope you are as well.
I was just seeking support regarding a feeling of loneliness and sadness. My two sons and their families both live overseas. My daughter lives nearby and has cancer. I feel overwhelmed and just sad.
Yes. That's the good part. I know feeling sad is natural...so I try and not let it get the best of me. I just try and stay busy doing things I enjoy, reading and journaling. I am also thinking of planning a trip to visit my sons next year if COVID is no longer an issue
Yes. I agree. I keep trying to get my daughter to fly overseas with me, but she hates to fly. I totally understand that. I don't really like it either. Her tumor seems to be shrinking, which is a very good thing.
Yes. I have always been a positive minded person.
I am a work in progress.
I appreciate your listening to me
Thank you.
Well, I don't know about that....but thank you.
Thank you for your time. I hope you do as well. Bye.
Hello, how are we doing today?
Not so good unfortunately.
Due to this pandemic, I fear for the safety of my job.
Anxiety is at all time highs due to this.
My firm has already cut 10%. I feel like I might be going next.
I can't stop worrying. If I lose my job, I don't know where to go, what to do.
With lock downs in my area, small businesses will go under. Which means fewer jobs. I'm really scared.
Anyone tips for Mturk? I'm new to this.
Any suggestions for gig work?
Thanks for the positive vibes, but my future looks dim unfortunately.
Good evening, thank you for picking this up
I'm good, a little anxious and down because I recently left a job with great people
That is correct
COVID-19 risk and exposure. I felt like the company wasn't doing enough to protect the employees.
Yeah, I was in retail also aha worked in a convenience store with lots of foot traffic
No, I was relatively new after leaving the military and was looking for a job so no leave days available
I really liked the employees and everyone was kind though. It's just the risk of exposure that made me stressed
Yes, I do have the numbers of a few of them. I talked to them a little during the day but I mainly kept to myself as I planned my next few steps
I was just ashamed for having left after they have been so helpful
I pride myself in being loyal and supportive but it was just too much risk to myself and family
I appreciate it lol I didn't imagine myself getting help through a platform through this, but I appreciate the support.
I know I'll get over it. It's just an unexpected change
I am. I'm looking at a few options and retooling. I planned on starting university again in Fall 2021 to retool
2020 has been nothing but craziness lol
For sure, I look forward to the change. I'm just planning out my next few months and a routine to help pass time.
Yeah, I was pulling some old textbooks to review but I'm looking for some hobbies like art and reading
I found unexpected freetime so that's a blessing I guess aha
Same, I started picking up alot of old hobbies and games after the pandemic started.
I used to want to be hyperproductive all the time but now I am enjoying the time I do have
The burn out is real. I appreciate the time you spent listening
I did not know what to expect but I do feel better talking to someone anonymous than someone I know right now aha
I appreciate it. Thank you and have a wonderful night :)
and happy holidays!
Hi there. I'm seeking some support, maybe some advice in dealing with a situation at my work.
I've got a new supervisor who is so different from my last one.
Yes. They have a Military background and bark orders, and change the way I'm working without being open to conversation.
When I ask questions, they threaten my job. Telling me they "Don't have to explain themselves!" as they are my supervisor.
Yes, there are two other people supervised by him. One of them is also Military and new him before hand, they seem to get along great.
But my other co-worker is like me. Doesn't know what to do, or who to turn to.
Sometimes the work environment is pretty hostile when we're just trying to continue projects that were started before he arrived.
Yea. But when he threatens and calls my insubordinate, I worry he might be making a case to remove me.
I wonder if I should talk to the person above him, about it.
But I worry they might just think I'm complaining because its different
But it really is uncomfortable.
Its been 3 months since he started, I just wonder if its too soon.
I'd hate to be seen as a complainer.
And the person above him, is the person who hired him.
Thats true. I'm not happy at work, but I do love my job. I enjoyed it a lot before him arrived. But now I'm constantly thinking about finding a new job, or worrying about him pushing me out. Maybe thats what he wants, so he can bring in his own people?
Thats good advice. I do need to do more outside of work to relieve the stress.
I'll try to do that. Do you think I can speak to him about his tone and maybe explain that communication is much more relaxed?
I think its worth a try, but I don't want him to think I'm being argumentative. Any suggestions on how to have that conversation?
Making it his idea. That's a good tactic. I could try that.
And maybe giving him time to understand the workplace as it new to him too.
I think you've given me some good advice.
Thank you.
I feel a little less anxious than I did.
I appreciate it!
You too. Good bye!
Hi. I'm feeling depressed and overwhelmed.
It all started earlier this year. I live with my parents because I'm unable to care for myself , due to a disability. Well my dad has dementia, and my mom, who was the primary caregiver, was diagnosed with cancer. She's been in and out of hospital so now its up to me to keep everything afloat.,
I'm having a really hard time with it.
Between work, school, keeping up the house, and caring for my dad, it's a lot to handle.
Thanks. But I'm really not that strong. It's really exhausting and overwhelming. My depression and anxiety are through the roof, and honestly, I'm not sure how long I can keep this up.
I actually am not able to go outside. Its been a few weeks.
i try to avoid going out at all. It's hard for me to get around. Even taking the bins out is a struggle. I can't even walk my dog. I just open the door and he goes out , does his business and comes back.
maybe i will try that. little by little
I'm really scared of the pandemic. I don't want to get sick.
Yeah, that is what they are saying in the news. It's just that folks out here are idiots and don't want to follow protocols. We are in a red zone where I live
Hopefully this is all over soon
This is true, but I hope they are researching and doing it right and not just trying to come up with a vaccine quick.
Thank you so much for your advice and reassurance. I feel better about things now.
Hello
I am stressed because I must learn through classes on ZOOM instead of a regular class.
I am learned Excel, and the teacher is presenting her excel sheet, but Zoom is on my phone and it is hard to learn on a tiny screen.
learning*
It is frustrating, and last week, I had a panic attack shortly before class started. My ears were pounding and I could hear nothing the instructor was saying through my earbuds.
Yes. It is also hard to concentrate when my nephews are at home. Most of the monitors and TVs are taken by other household members, but I think I will buy another monitor.
I have a laptop, but I need it full screened for Excel and Zoom takes up too much space, so that is why I had it on my phone. But I think a second monitor is an excellent idea, thank you.
I agree!
Thank you so much for your help.
I will tell my teacher as well.
Yes, I think it's hard to concentrate when others are at home during covid.
Nephews are learning from home as well, but they get breaks and they try to get my attention when I am trying to study.
Yes, but they are rowdy.
I think I will ask my sister if I can use the laundry room as a little office so that I can close the door.
Yes, I will try to resolve something with her. Thank you.
hello
Good, thanks, you?
Great. I would like to talk about my old friend
yes that is correct
I don't talk to her lately anymore though
I am sad that she does not want to talk to me anymore
well I text her and I don't hear back
on facebook message as well
Well that is possible
But she used to respond and picked up my phone call while she did not answer my text
I agree. Oh sounds like you're the opposite of her
I could still call her
hopefully she answer
s
what if she does not answer my call?
yes that's true, hopefully she just picks it up
yes, I have not talked to her in ages
Thanks for your encouragement, I can try
I can text her on Messenger and probably she will respond
It was great to have you as a supporter
I think you solved my problem,
great idea, always there is next
Thanks, you too! have a good day
hi
i am really depressed because of my friends
yeah
i have heard my friends talk behind my back
they are really nice in front of me
it is
i really don't know what to do
how can someone you count on do this to you?
I accidently listened to there conversation
i asked them what was wrong by they pretend as if nothing has happened
should i leave them?
i was also thinking the same
i know they are my true friends
i just don't want them talking when i am not around. if something's wrong with me.
just spill it out
I'm irritated with family issues atm :(
You could say that haha I haven't even seen her in 4 years and she's trying to turn my family against me due to an argument we had that long ago
insecure, narcissistic biological sister who a decade older than me
Because I live in the same area as my parents and any get togethers we have I don't even want to go to so I don't have to see her and she has used that opportunity to turn anyone she can against me, I cut off contact back then too...
I talk to my mom and one brother about it, the other brother I have unfortunately decided to join in with the behind the scenes trash talk (only because he enjoys drama which she's full of) I never spoke much to the rest of my family anyway (they never could understand me even to a degree we could carry a conversation that isn't small talk jabber) so it's not much of a loss except for what she did today has me kind of P.O.d
O ur father is where she got it from
Her daughter (who took more after my personality than hers) came into state and had stated she wanted to stay at her grandparents for the first few days but when she came she ended up going to her moms and when she came to the town we live in she had to bring her mom. Her mom made her to do that for whatever wacky personal issue/emotions she refuses acknowledge and it's a huge bummer because I haven't seen her about 3 years and have small children so I can't really cross country to go visit too easily
That's a huge H E double L lolol I don't love her or value her company enough to consider that, no. IN fact, I kind of want to solve it by beating the living daylights out of her face lol
Which actually almost happened when we had that silly argument back when but she called our parents and had them intervene and lie for her uuuuuugh
Yea, she would most definitely call the cops and press charges because she sucks as a human being which is exactly why she's 4 years in my brain still... Haaalp meh, you have any suggestions for making the lil devil in my brain chill?
You too, thanks
Hello?
I'm okay i guess. How are you?
My marriage recently fell apart and i had to relocate to NC with my children. That's going as well as you would think it is.
I guess im okay, a little shaky and still find myself in tears from time to time. Honestly it is nothing new for me. I've suffered from depressions since i was a young teen
Yes I go to the local mental health. I'm actually bipolar 1 which kinda makes my depression a little worse. I see a counselor twice a month. I still however have some trouble in between visits. I just can not afford to be seen more often.
I read a lot and play rpg games to distract myself. My kids are a big help too.
ill admit there are some days despite trying to distract myself i stuggle.
Oh really what kinda video games to you escape into? I like RPG, romance, adventure, and simulation
Oh i love some shooters. But VR scares me honestly. I heard it can cause seizures
Yea god forbid playing a shooter in VR O.o
Well my mama suggested i just forget my ex and not be depressed. My grandpa suggested once i get divorced i should just move on. My brother asked if i wanted him to beat his ass XD lol So not much help honestly
I realize i am glad its over. I realize i did not love him like i thought i did. I'm sad that my babies had to suffer for me to realize this.
I certainly hope so. I wonder sometimes. I hope i haven't ruined my kids lives by leaving their father.
Yes we had a little trouble with my 8 year old. He thought i and his grandma chased his daddy away. He acted out a lot till we set down with him and explained what happened.
I sure hope so. Thanks so much for your time. You really made me feel better about the situation. I actually enjoyed this hit
^-^ have a good day sugar!
Hi How are you today?
I'm feeling a little bit anxious today.
I really dropped the ball at work today and I'm so worried that I'm going to get let go.
I thought I had everything set up for one of my resident's at a new placement and I called today to confirm and they told me the bed was no longer available. My boss is very intense and I'm scared that when I tell her she will let me go.
I can try that but my boss is very neurotic and I don't think she will want to hear my explanations.
I could call the facility and find out when there next opening is and try to see if I can have the client placed on a waitlist so that he can be moved sooner.
That would actually be helpful. I always forget to do my breathing exercises.
I listen to music or watch a funny show on TV.
Thank you. You have been very helpful. I think I'm going to listen to some music while I do some deep breathing exercises.
Me too! Thanks for the support.
Thanks so much.
Hi. I'm doing fine. Just feeling a bit anxious.
Well, I am retired, but in need of extra income to meet my financial obligations. It is very difficult for me, however, to wear a mask for longer than a few moments. Due to the mandates in my area, I would be required to wear a mask.
That is what I am currently doing, and it is helping some. I have increased the time I work on there, so that will help some. I would love a second source as well, however...just so I could really save some.
Yes, I have thought of that, actually. I have quite a few items I would love to sell. I have never done it, though, so need to research how to ship items, etc.
Well, I will definitely have to check that out. It would serve two purposes : decluttering and making money. I think I got anxious last week when I had a tire go flat and took my car in to get it fixed. I found out I need all new tires and new brakes. Not easy on a fixed income. Plus I am widowed.
I actually don't. Only to the grocery store, or to visit my daughter who lives about 20 minutes away.
I am not on any medication, which I am so thankful of. I have not checked any programs for assistance. I'm not sure if I would even qualify. It wouldn't hurt to try, I guess.
That is so true! I have been selling some items through my neighborhood online Marketplace and made $100 just this week. I have also started a change jar. Amazing how a bit here and there can add up.
Yes. I am definitely one not to give up, which is a good thing! I appreciate your help. I feel more positive now.
Thank you very much. I hope you have a blessed day.
Hello, how are you doing today?
I am glad you are doing okay, I am struggling with my current employer which has brought me an area of anger and sadness.
My employer is great, I work for a local hospital as a house keeper technician, but my department is poorly observed by HR and corporate. I have been excelling in my role and went from part time employee with no benefits at 40hrs a week, but since I have a applied for our security team I was denied because I took the full time position and have to wait another 4 months. I have already worked in this position for 7 months.
Correct, when I took the position my manager said that I could transfer after six months. I felt lied to and the micromanaging and high turn overstaff due to my supervisor has me on that same boat now. I feel like my only option is to quit. HR was the one who delivered the transfer denial.
I am thoroughly disappointed, I have applied for a few local security job sites in my area that have had some interest in my resume. I figure I will leave the hospital since I was lied and I can only see this being the trend with this department. They keep their good workers and let the low skilled workers transfer out or they just quit.
I have a six page paper of grievances for HR and a full unscripted transparent experience as an employer with details and dates of these frustrations. I know it will not go anywhere since their policy states that an employee must work six months from when they take a new position within the company. I went from a housekeep to a housekeeper technician (scrub walls and take curtains down and clean contact rooms).
I am paid $10.75 an hour and their security team makes about $12.50 plus overtime opportunities and details. I went to school for criminal justice and the hospital would have helped me obtain my bachelors if I worked for them after completing it, I had to work there for a year in order to get their help. I was looking forward to this opportunity, but now I am just to bitter to work there at this point. I loved what we stand for value wise, but their values are not walked out
I have an interview soon with another company that I am just waiting on the details for, I think this will yield more fruit once I get the approval. I am uncertain if I will give two weeks if I can do a "start today" option.
Sure links are always helpful (for the record, I left the employer and work for fabulous healthcare company now that I have been with for two years). Do you run during the winter when it is cold, or do you have different coping strategies for the winter time. It is 8 degrees where I am at.
Today is okay, i guess. I'm just stressed.
Yes, I found out I didnt pass college algebra and my academic advisor is pressuring me to take the class over this winter break in order to graduate on time.
But I have been in new york city all year and my parents just got me tickets to fly home
I really miss them
I don't mind retaking it, really
yha. also, im worried i might fail again if i get too distracted by my family
i mean, tutoring is just another added time commitment. I really failed the first time because i was depressed and unmotivated. which is why I'm excited to be with my family finally
yeah. that's another thing. I havent told my therapist or even my parents yet
that i failed
what if they're disappointed
how do i even begin to start the conversation
yeah i told my twin sister, actually
definitely. we go to different schools but we live together in nyc
yha she's better at breaking bad news than i do... maybe i can ask her. i think i should tell my therapist myself though.
yeah. well i feel much better about this. thank you so much
I'm okay I guess
I just don't feel like I'm good enough lately
Yes I feel very inadequate. Recently my best friend and I can't get along. She's always upset at me about things I'm doing
I've tried taking to her, usually she gets very angry with me and starts yelling. She never listens to what I have to say.
She means so much to me and she's my only friend.
More than that, she's not being supportive of my decisions and that's all I want
She hates my boyfriend, she wants me to leave him. If i don't she doesn't want to hang around me as much. She said I have to choose him or her.
She moved all of her things out of our dorm room we share just because I'm still with my boyfriend. I woukd do counselling but I'm not sure she would
I've realized I want to spend the rest of my life with my boyfriend and I don't think she'll like that.
I'm a little reluctant, I'm very shy and struggle with making new friends, that's why she is do important to me.
Yes that's true. What do I say to her?
The problem is we technically share a room. She does come in occasionally.
Okay! Thank you for the advice.
I am worried that my Director played a game she was not able to play, got caught, and was forced to resign. I am not sure what that means for me. Any help would be appreciated.
It was a political game where she isolated the president and made him no longer support her. It was quite a misstep on her part.
Yes. She got put on a performance improvement plan and responded poorly. She was forcced to resign.
Not in trouble but vulnerable because she hired me. Will her boss see me as part of the problem?
Thanks. It's been weird. I just met with two of the board today to go over where the organization is.
Thanks. I tried to just support her privately and seem neutral publicly. I did like her too. I thought she was good.
I text her to see how she was doing but haven't text with her since Friday. Any other ideas?
I also want her job. Does that seem weird to talk with him about that too?
No, her boss did not play the game. He actually pulled out and let others handle it so he didn't seem biased. She overplayed her hand.
Yeah. I have never been this high in an organization so I just don't know what to do. I am hoping someone outside the organization might have a better view of what I should do.
Thanks. Your help is appreciated.
Thanks.
hi
how are you?
I am feeling okay, a little upset.
i was mad, but now i am just upset. My professor put in grades for my class earlier this week.
My grade dropped 5 points and i do not have an A anymore.
yes that is right
Yes I have, she said she explain the rules out in the syllabus and would not change it. SHe gave our whole class a 0 on the final.
No, i have talked to my advisor once and she is not that helpful as she is a professor herself. She told me its okay if I dont have an A, I am still passing. I just worked hard all semester, just to end with a 89.9.
Yea i understand that is happens to a lot of people, and we just have to move on and learn. That is hwy im not mad anymore just upset.
I am going to try my best next semester so that this does not happen again.
I really hope so, thank you
I feel okay now, thank you!
Hi!
Not so good. I have conspiracy theorist as a friend who is now mad at me because I told her to pull up her mask while talking to me.
We have been friends for 13 years
I am hurt and confused that she still thinks this is a game.
She thought Corona was fake until someone we know caught it.
It is like she is mad she was wrong and is taking it out and lashing out at those who have been trying to persuade her the whole time...
what do you think?
She is 44!
Too old for all this nonsense.
She has a short temper.......I think I am going to have to separate myself from her for the duration of the virus and the cure. I cannot talk to her again unless she agrees to get vaccinated.
She is all to careless.
She thought it was faked for political reasons at first. Then when she found out it was real when it struck close to home, she is saying it is apart of population control. Honestly she is all over the place. I find her very dangerous to others right now.
I don't think our friendship will survive this because I am willing to part ways for all of our safety.
I hate that but will do it. \
Wow...that is deep and I believe you are right when you say these situations cause us to take care of ourselves first. I think that it just what I am going to do. After all this is over I will attempt to mend our relationship but for now I have to protect those I love. Thanks for the great advice. You were very helpful.
I hope you have a great Christmas and new year. Stay safe!
Hello
oops
feeling disgust as usual. yourself?
well, i'm not disgusted with myself... it's just people in general. everybody.. they're so selfish
any they all care about superifical things
well, you could say that.
take christmas, for example. people give everyone else gifts out of obligation
a long time. more as i age. i'm actually tired about hearing about the pandemic, really. it is all people ever talk about.
more people are probably dying of obesity
eating themselves to death
I think it would be beating a dead horse. Ober half the population is overweight. People would just need to be blind not to see it. That's kind of my point. Everything is consume... consume.. consume.... buy buy buy
well... you can't really do anything without money. it all kind of rides on it, doesn't it? what you can buy?
Yea, a few things here and there. Nature, let's say. But nature doesn't really give one way or another about you. My friends have a lot of money, though, and none of them are even happy.
thats even more saddening
Yea, I know, right. I have one friends who has probably about 100k in the bank, and he will complain if he spent 4 cents too much on gas over another gas station.
yea, it's hard, though, because sooner or later it comes out in almost everyone i meet. who knows. maybe even i do it and don't even know it. thats scary, you know
at least your honest
Thanks. Probably true. sometimes when i bring it up they'll just argue about it and defend themselves. i just try to move on but it is always there. ok. yea it is 15 minutes so bye bye
good talking
hi . god morning
yea good but lil lazy
could you please help me to be concentrated on work and new job preparation to get a job .
yes . i am so attarctive to baby .. i though nobody will take care of baby as much as i can .So unble to concentrate on job prparation
noo , but here about the upgrade skills and search for new job as a new mom
i dont know what are you talking about
yes dear ..but with little kids , will always thinks about them , not intersted on anybody or anything
do you have childeren .Did you feel the same when you are new mom
yes dear, i wanted to do everyday .I forgot all my subjects , i need to upgrade.But when laptop opens watching other series which are funny
how to overcome from this you tube addictive series
Really i need a job but my brain diverting so easily these days
please help me to overcome this
are you there?
hey no problem
please advice to get concentration
yes we are easily diverting .Main thing i always postponing my preparation
this is very bad .I know what i am doing easy very wrong but unable to overcoem this
ha may be , but i have this postponing works habits .This is not good this time may be
my inlaws are bith working and hubby also works for two jobs at a time .So nobody is there to take care of baby
Hi thanks for chatting with me today. I've been really down and could use someone to talk to.
I always get sad around the holidays but this year has been so much worse because I'm spending the holidays alone.
All I have to do is think about how alone I am.
I tried that but no one that I know is tech savvy that can make Zoom work.
I just keep thinking about all the bad things happening in the world right now. If I had someone to spend time with I'm sure it would take my mind off of it but people aren't allowed to get together.
I try that but everyone is busy with their families today. I don't have a family so I'm all alone.
I tried watching a movie but my mind starts to wander.
Maybe I'll try that. Any game suggestions?
I was watching a comedy. It's a movie I usually like but I just couldn't keep my mind from wandering.
I like strategy games. They really make you think which helps distract you from what you don't want to think about!
Thanks! I'm going to look into playing the game! That might be just what I need to bring me out of this funk!
Yes, I'm sure they'll have more free time after tomorrow!
No, I'm ready to look into the game!
No, thank you! I'm ready to get going and look into playing the game you suggested!
Hello
I'm feeling a bit confused and anxious.
So I've been dating and my parents are aware. But recently after I said I want to go on a trip with my boyfriend, my parents have all sorts of opinions about it. And all their traditional beliefs that I did not know existed are now on the surface and they are kinda forcing me to follow it.
For say they think "bad types of woman" go on trips with their boyfriends and I need to save myself.
They have been guilt tripping me and I feel very confused.
I have. It's been a long stressful month of discussion. The problem is I don't share their beliefs, and I haven't been really "saving myself". I'm been living away from them for collage quite a while and I've been basically doing stuff that if they found out they would be very upset about.
But I didn't think it bothers them because they never shared any of this.
And they said if I go on this trip I'm disrespecting them and the entire family.
But his parents are totally cool and don't seem to mind.
I'm 26
And I see what you're saying.
It's really hard breaking free because they always monitored me my entire life.
I never had a voice for myself. They basically bullied and forced me to do what they wanted.
BTW if you didn't guess I'm their favorite child.
Should I tell them everything I did that goes against what they believe?
So they know that I don't share their beliefs ?
I guess worst case I won't talk to them for a while : )
Thank you , that helped.
Have a good one!
Pretty stressful. I'm a little bit anxious about school.
Thank you. I am finishing up my third year in college so I have some career decisions to make. I'm also trying to find a job for this summer related to what I want to study.
Yes. Most of my classes are online. I really miss my friends and family.
I do live with three of my friends so it's nice to have their support. I'm glad I'm not alone
I'm studying psychology, I want to become a therapist or social worker
Yes! I am trying to get a job at a suicide hotline for the summer
I know I'm up to it, but this week I've been having a hard time
Just struggling to stay motivated in school
I try not to. Sometimes it's hard to put myself first
It's good to hear I'm not alone in feeling this way
I got a job offer today, I'm very proud of myself!
Sort of. It's an opportunity to work for one of my favorite professors over the summer. I'm still going to work on that suicide hotline job as well
That's a good point. I struggle with that.
I will try that! Okay, thank you so much for your advice. I'm going to log off now. This has been very helpful.
hi. my friend told my ex boyfriend he was an idiot for dumping me. it made me feel uncomfortable since i was in the same room. now he is talking to me again. i think he might want me back
my feelings fluctuate. i resent him that he ended it. it confuses me he still wants to be in my life. he said he wanted to be friends but then asked me out again. i think he is trying to work his way back in. i know i can't keep it up unless he makes it clear he wants to be with me. i don't have time for games
yeah i don't like that. neither does my friend. why she told him he is an idiot for letting me go
yes cuz that's when he wanted me to be around him more
it seemed like it did
to a degree. i think he has ulterior motives too.
say he wants me back or something to that effect. i'd like him to be more direct in what he wants from me
yes that would be nice. he tends to beat around the bush then lets me know
yes i've talked to them about it. they've given me some insight into it. i know they want me to be careful. they don't want me to be hurt
we are lucky they look out for us. they can't all be wrong if they're guiding us a certain way
absolutely. i appreciate your help! nity nite
nope. im good
Hello!
I'm feeling sad and depressed.
With covid and everything, college hasn't been the same at all. I'm missing out on a lot of experiences and that makes me sad.
I'm currently a sophomore in college but I'm on break so I am at home.
Yes. thankfully my friend and I from college facetime around 3 times a week
That sounds fun
I just wish I wouldn't be so sad about missing things. I wish I could just live my life ya know
Is it actually? yay! Sometimes I don't know whether to believe the news or not
I'm a sophomore
Yes it is. That is good
Thank you for your help today
I think you need to reply
My youngest is my hardest
I am well. Hope you are.
good
As I said above, my youngest son is difficult.
He does not like to share.
He does not like to share with his older brother.
I see. What should I do when he does not share.
Should he have a punishment for not sharing?
Ok. What should I do when his brother asks to play with the soccer ball?
Yes, but I need to figure out how to help my son share.
Yes
He does not share well with them either.
Should I have him practice sharing with me
So, should I ask to use his soccer ball
Thank you for your suggestions
That is very encouraging.
my working place is lot of problems in daily.
daily any problem created.
my family daily activities is sadness
my family happy is down
my stress very high
OK I listen the music
daily my stress very high
my body and my mind very tired
my family happiness daily challenges
ok
what type of music
my stress level very high in some time
ooh
try in some option work
my children carrying important
another work choice some late
two
Thank you
stress level decreasing any doctor consults
other than yoga
any other idea
feeling really stressed out and exhausted trying to find a job in a small town
yea that has really put a damper on a lot of my job searches. currently im in the medical field. i serve as an in home health care provider. but that is only part time.
thank you for that. i just wish i either had more hours or made more at a time. working part time just isnt cutting it.
it is good that they are making progress on the vaccines. i just question their testing and how they are doing it.
and i desperately need to move out of the situation that i am in. but cant do it with my current level of income.
in the town where i live there are no services like uber eats or door dash.
i have been looking for work from home jobs right and left
online order taker? how do you sign up for that?
highly possible, have a phone and a high speed internet connection.
thank you. i had not even heard of this. i will apply in a min when we are done talking. i apprecieate it.
thank you!!! :)
Today there is nothing to feel about that. When I think of it or have some situation to recall the previous incident I get very angered on my friend, who did not help me, in spite of my volunteer help to him on a similar situation.
So simple. I was in need of money, urgently, for my business. I helped him when he was in a similar situation. Now I am in situation, previously he was when I helped. I expected my friend surely will help. But he did not. This has put me some anger on him. This was a situation that happened 1 year before. Now I recall this for chatting.
Yes. That was well within his limits and he should have obliged.
Thank you for your understanding and feeling. I feel some relax over the anger, just by your words.
Yes. I tried calmly of the situation. He told accepting as the situation has passed. I am not sure he has fully understood. As the situation passed, he says okay.
However I continue the friendship not affected by this harassment.
My behavior with him will not be affected because of this. But whenever I happen to think or recall of this I get to anger of it unavoidably. And cools off in some time.
I need some more to chat with you. Is there any suggestion not to get angered again, even when having some recall or thought of the situation. That has been my problem.
Generally I am cool, not an emotional person. If I need any special training, it should be only because of this. If there is some simple way that could help.
However it is not at all required. That anger does not affect me, just only feeling for some minutes. I let it go.
I think you suggest to try for breathing exercise. Do you feel benefited by that, often or rarely.
If you are urgent, I do not want to delay you . Thanks, Bye.
Hello... I am feeling quite anxious
CoVid and my job leave me worried every day
Yes, I have been forced to work from home and I am unsure if my job will still be around in a month
I am worried I will lose my house if my job is eliminated
It is making me anxious. There have been some layoffs in other departments.
And, some people who decided to go in the office a few days have gotten CoVid.
That is a good suggestion. I have actually been worried about the answer I would get or that I would get no real answer at all.
the truth right now is scary
I may try that this week. I feel a bit better, but how long can this go on? So many people have lost jobs and are sick or dying. Two people in my building have died.
I think about lying in the hospital alone, no job, dying.
I hope that is true. I miss my workmates. They are good friends. We all want to see each other again and have our jobs.
The worst days are when I keep the anxiety inside and don't talk much about how I feel.
I really appreciate your assistance today. I feel better and will take some action this week. Thank you!
Good bye!
hello
anybody home?
Hi, a little bit of anxiety of academics
Well, I am nervous about a test I have coming up because I am wondering if I learned enough.
ok?
That and because of the pandemic, I have not been able to connect with the teacher enough to know if I am completing things correctly. What can I do?
Its a math class. I have tried connecting with other students but many are just as confused as me, especially when it comes to showing the work part. You mentioned online sites, how accurate and helpful are those?
Ok, I have to check that out as I have never heard of them. Did they have any reviews on how helpful they are in the math field?
Okay, that is great. That eases my anxiety a bit.
Thanks. I am learning as I go and I am believe I am getting better. Just got to get use to it.
Thank you, just a couple more if you have them.
Okay, I will check that out. Thanks for your help.
No, that was all. Thank you for your assistance and providing me with some sources that can definitely help. Have a great day!!
Thanks again for the words of encouragement. Goodbye!
I am doing just great now
How about you?
Well , I already made my mind up, I am not working during Christmas week because I already have plans and also because I requested this week off back on May , so it is not my fault some coworkers quit
Yes, my manager said I should work and show I am a team player? I said what? You took your vacation week on thanksgiving and we all worked hard to cover you, it I not my problem that two teammates quit and you have to work harder during my absence
Besides the only reason I am taking that week off is because my kids are coming home. My son lives in Chicago and due to Covid I havent seen him all year and my daughter lives in Nashville and she used to come home often but also because of the pandemic , she has not been able to come as often as I would like
No, I have not hopes of promotion, I have been 18 years with them and I have straight told them I just want to work through my retirement in the same position
Thanks for your advice , I think it all will work out, I think the big guy aka as the owner will understand the situation
Exactly, she has to understand that life goes beyond work and I have been a very loyal worker for more than 18 years so I think she is trying to fight a fight where she definitely can lose
At this point , I dont need the extra money , what I need is time to spend with my family and thats exactly what I am going to do
Thank you and I wish you and your family a Merry Christmas and well a better year than 2020, that last one I am sure will be a very easy one
Hi..how are you today
Iam looking for some help towards facing breakup with the partner
can you help me providing some emotional support
Is there anything that I can do to be get out of the sadness in my life
it happened about a week ago..my boyfriend is being very possessive about everything I do
I find it not convincing and broke up with him
ye since an year..Iam feeling an emptyness in my life
Do you suggest anything to come out of this
yeah how do you manage after your breakup
Yeah iam implementing of taking a new hobby which is distracting me a little
yeah those are two good strategies to follow..I will be considering them
Do you have used any counselling?
Even I cannot affod a counsellor..But Iam too embarraseed to talk to my friends..
Yes ..Iam thinking about getting a counselling
do you know any best counsellors
yeah thank you for the help..is there any other strategies i can follow
Yeah i think i will start fresh from tomorrow..Do you have any ideas about choosing next partner..
yeah sure..I will take it slow..I think that will help me
Yeah thank you for your help..I appreciate it..
I hope you have a wonderful day..Stay safe and healthy.
hi
oh i am totally pissed off at my friend
he is an intelligent person....and was (is?) a close friend...but...he became an antivaxxer....critical of me for wanting a covid vaccine
it became unbearable....i got so mad i just cut off communication....i don't understand his pushiness.
yes
i said "lets agree to disagree" but he could not accept that
it's like he felt it was his duty to "save me"
i feel disrespected, basically
i'm not sure...but i have...and i miss him!
i think maybe once covid blows over things might get back to where they were, i think that's what i want
but part of me is just hurt and doesn't want something like this to happen again with him
he is important to me, yes
we have been friends for 20 years, he's one of my oldest friends
you had a friend like this before you say? how did you deal with it?
as in what was the end result for you both, in your case? just curious
i may email him but i'm not sure....i don't want it to end up being an argument, i don't have the mental energy for that...(covid situation has left me mentally depleted)
that's interesting....another covid-induced conflict
i like your idea of taking some time...that seems like a sensible path forward
hmmm yes....maybe I will journal about it to get my thoughts clear
okay
i can't figure out if covid has brought people together or torn them apart, honestly
lol i hope you're right
covid seems to have brought out a lot of strong feelings in some people
i tend to think you are right....but early on people were rallying together it seemed....but that didn't last long
maybe by fall society will become more cohesive again, what do you think?
hahaha yes totally
oh really? what kind of a new life?
i need a vaccine...then i can restart my old life
wooohoooooooo congrats!!!
any side effects?
which did you get?
wow lots of exciting things! which vaccine did you end up getting?
i'm expecting mine within the next couple of weeks, can't wait
oh i won't....astrazenca became available for 55 plus yesterday....NO THANKS
well thank you for talking with me....you cheered me up and helped me put my friend situation into perspective....i'll take some time like you suggested to asses my friendship
i don't mind needles...don't even care if i have a fever for a week...all totally worth it :)
congrats on your upcoming marriage and i wish you both every happines. Cheers.....bye
hello
yes i had problems sleeping one night
i was so angry that i couldnt sleep
i have them frequently when my neighbors are loud with their music.
Its hard because they dont answer there door so i can tell them about the issue.
Unfotunately the police won't do anything about it because they know these neighbors are trouble. i even tried to communicate with the neighbor one day getting my mail.
i cannot write a letter because they will not understand since they dont speak english much,
Again, the police don't wat to get involved,
thank you for your input but i dont think i have anymore option but move and sell my house,
I just think that getting away from them would help
i have contactd the police they told me its not a problem the can fix
apparently none of the household members will open the door for the police
i will try again
thank you for all your help i hope you have a great day.
Hi.
Doing okay, thanks, how are you doing?
Yes, my fiance and I are splitting up.
A little over 5 years.
Yes exactly, so I feel like I'm starting all over again.
Sure, I will have time to focus on myself and start anew. But, I am nervous and apprehensive.
This is true. I have wanted to start going to the gym more and start doing more yoga.
Thank you. I also need to start looking for a new apartment. I am staying with a friend for now.
It's been hard with the pandemic, but luckily I have a good friend and she's not rushing me out.
Yes, I feel like it had an impact on my relationship.
Hey, how are you. I wish I can say I'm good but feeling down and nervous. :(
I'm about to lose my current job, because my contract is about to expire. I don't have another job offer on the line.
They honored my current contract, but due to rising cost and expenses they are downsizing the company.
Yes I reached out, but unemployment won't help as much, won't cover most of my expenses. I just don't know how to deal and cope from this. I want to change my mindset but it's all at once and I can't deal with it.
I understand seeking professional help is a good move. But its more the feeling of uncertainty that I have trouble coping with. I know if I can overcome this, I can deal with it and move on. Any ideas?
I do have side incomes, but I lost majority of my income. But I know I can find something in the future. I just need to overcome this anxiety and nervous feeling. Maybe then I can have confidence.
No medications, a bit stronger than that. I can cope without that. Probably might seek a professional and talk it out.
That true, I meant I dont want any medications. Might try other coping techniques, talking, breathing.
Thanks for the advice of the professional though, I think its a good start. I feel better now.
Yes, thank you for helping and good luck with everything.
I'm so anxious. I'm losing my job at the end of the month and I don't know how my resume is going to hold up with so many other people looking for work too!
Maybe, but it's hard to feel like there is another way to approach it. There's so many people struggling. It's all so sad and scary right now.
Wow, that's a great idea.
Hmm. But what if I spend the fee to get my resume looked at but then don't land a job? Wouldn't it be better to save the money and hedge my bets?
Exactly. I'm anxious that if I don't get professional help I won't land a job but then on the other hand I'm anxious that if I don't get a job I'll have needed the savings.
That's a good idea too. Maybe even someone who recently changed jobs can give me some interview tips! -Even if I get the interview I know I'm going to be anxious about that!
I'll try! Thank you so much for the advice!
That's very true. Maybe I'll get started on that tonight.
That's nice to hear! Sometimes it feels like I'm being dramatic. I really appreciate your thoughts, having an action plan really helps me feel less anxious. Thank you.
I don't think so. I already feel excited to get started looking at those resources and tweaking my achievements.
Hello
I am not fine
My colleagues always talking bad about me behind
Yeah. It makes me very sad
How did you solve it?
How to solve the issue? I need a solutions
I had asked them about it. but they does not reply me
I already asked them
But they are doing many things behind me
Hello
if
I would like you to answer a few question, if that is ok
I am looking for a side job
cannot find it very easily
nice
I could find some jobs that pay like 3 dollars an hour but not decent one
yeah, I am scared to go out
I wish I could
how much do they get?
amazon
sure, I will. It has to be my native language though, i dont think they will hire me as an English writer
anything but something really stressful
I am from USA but I don't speak English perfectly
I wish I did but certainly writing is something I like
I could write a book and self publish
yes! I thought about it, I should do it
yes
thanks, I will try to find some providers
or I could start doing that on my own
Awesome. I will keep in mind and I agree with you
oh nice! was it hard to self-publish back then?
wow coool......
I had a friend who published a book about nuclear bomb, and I heard self-publishing is a little complicated
yes indeed
im good. thanks for your help
have a good xmas
Hello
I'm ashamed of how I look which makes me anxious when I have to attend zoom meetings, I have to leave my camera off. It feels like cheating!
I am badly in need of a haircut due to the pandemic...my short layered hair is now shoulder length shag lol...I hate the way I look right now and it gets me down.
oh really? how long did it take you to get up the nerve....its been months and months of mic only for me lol...and the silly thing is the people i'm zooming with aren't particularly attractive so I shouldn't feel ashamed.
in person i am much more confidant...would like to care less.
care less about being on cam i mean
some people look so comfortable and relaxed! I just get seized up with anxiety
maybe i should take the plunge...it seems so silly to me because logically i am not in these meetings to impress anyone
maybe i'll pick the least threatening meeting and start there...one that's a smaller group
oh really? I haven't experimented with that. maybe I can get a friend to practise that with me
that's a good idea
its hard I'm getting older now (50's) and its hard seeing my appearance go downhill. But at least it's happening with my other friends too lol. Gravity is a bitch!
what age group are you in?
hmm yes....my attitude and self defeating thoughts....i need to work on that, thank you for your encouragement
You know you're right there
maybe it's like a lot of things for me, that always seem worse until i try them, then i'm like "what was I so worried about"
first world pandemic problems lol
i can't wait to have meetings in person again, so much better than zoom
but i'm grateful we have zoom in the meantime, zoom's better than a conference call
amen to that....it being over soon....we have all had to be so very patient
thankyou for your help today. so I will first practise with a friend, and play around with backgrounds. then I will take the plunge in a low-key small meeting and see how it goes
yes me too :)
ok thank you again, stay safe and be well. appreciate your help! bye
indeed
Hi there.
I'm feeling really stressed. I'm about to graduate from college, but my last two classes are killing me. I keep having dreams that I've been forgetting to go to a third class and now I won't graduate.
It's keeping me from being able to concentrate on the real classes.
Yes, I am working really hard.
It's hard not to think about the result when the stress is interfering with my studying. I don't know how to manage the stress.
Okay, meditation. I can do that.
But what else can I do?
I've never meditated before. I'm not sure how. I even worry about meditating, my goodness.
Okay, I'll try that. Hopefully it helps. I'm just so worried about graduating now that I'm so close.
Thank you!
I'm so close to getting my degree, and it's been a long time coming!
I know, only two months left! And I only had two classes left this semester, so maybe that's why I keep dreaming I've forgotten a class.
Did you have a similar experience sometime?
It does make me feel better that it's a pretty universal feeling.
Hi, i've been feeling really depressed lately and I'd like to talk to someone about it
It's a bit of everything. I've recently lost my job and I'm just really worried about how my bills are going to get paid. I feel so tired, you know?
Yeah that makes sense but I've spent so much time thinking about my finances that I've sort of burned myself out
Like I have no energy even to be thankful for the other little stuff
Definitely, I feel like I could sleep forever but with my kids to worry about I don't have that option
Messages could work, I could stick them around and I guess they coudl help not just me but my little ones too because I'm sure my moods been affecting them as well
Absolutely the little terrors are the reason I get up in the morning. I can't let them down, you know
Their dad's not arpund so its just us
I'm all they've got
I'm going to try, the messages idea is a really good one so I think I'll give that a try. I mean I am grateful for my kids and I guess things could be worse I do still have some savings left and I can always try to get another job
I'll keep that in mind but thank you for taking the time to let me get things off my chest
It really helps
Thank you and I'll be trying! I hope you have awesome day and thanks again
hello
i am so worried about my daughter
she has addictions and is living a very dangerous life
which makes me sad and anxious and angry all at once
yes, often
but she won't go for help, so i have had to be exceedingly patient
i will but it's such a heavy burden to carry. i try not to think about it much, but I carry it, you know? I Hope you are right about her wanting help eventually
in the meantime I don't know how to be so sad about this, maybe there is no way
indeed. and i have been holding up my end of the bargain. but it's so worrisome.
it sounds like you are encouraging me to have hope against all odds?
CAn't help someone who doesn't want help though, but I do try to be there for her as best i can. She calls me up with terrible stories and I listen even though it pains me, because she needs someone to listen.
Addiction is an affliction I wouldn't wish on my worst enemy now that I have seen her living it
I have encouraged her to set up appointments with professionals. Sometimes she has, but does not follow through, the addiction gets in the way, it's more powerful than her desire to stop. And I can't just drive her/ accompany her to an appointment because she lives in a different city
But yes, I am happy she trusts me enough to confide in me
i really appreciate your encouragement
i have been feeling worn down by it and your encouragement helps
have you any other suggestions for me?
unfortunately i cannot afford to move
the rents are too high in her city
hell no. she lies and steals because of her addction there is no way i could live with her, but thank you for the suggestion
I'll tell you though....this was the issue I chose....but it's a past issue....she is now 3 months clean and doing well :)
i am so relieved and happy for her
just wanted to end up with some good news for you :)
Thank you so much for your help today!
All the best
yes...was a tough slog lol
Thank you again :)
bye
i'm kind of tired, you?
This job I work in because its hard getting a better one
I tried but no one ever calls but or pays too little for the amount of work expected
yea, and almost done with school but depression kept me from pulling myself out of bed to get an internship so I messed up
yea but I feel like a failure because I see people younger than me there also and demotivates me further
thanks, I wouldn't be so hard on myself if I had more support from my parents also
yea but they don't really care because they are more focused on fighting with each other and working
I have a friend who i talk to but I feel bad imposing so much
yea I do, they also had their own issues so they understand me sometimes but it does help to vent sometimes
yea I did that and it helped me cope a lot better since I don't hurt myself anymore at least
yea! also thank you very much for letting me vent it does help a lot
Thank you very much for listening and hope you have a good day!
life is pretty bad latley
feels like stress after stress
2020 has just been a bad year, i got kicked out of my dads house and also lost my main job because i was working with him
im trying to go back to school now but with a part time job it feels hard to do that
I still ilive with my mother but he was a big part of life
i feel wrong by the situation
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope it gets better. We are in family therapy but he refuses to apologize
what other options are there?
I am already in therapy with him but it doesnt seem to be helping that much
Thank you i appreciate that
its hard to do that since everyone in my family thinks i should move on and forgive him
i find it hard to forgive someone who is unapologetic
yes it is
I think if things were to continue as they were then it would be. I am more hurting now knowing that someone who is suppose to be there has been able to drop me so quickly over something very small
We were having issues at work due to covid and he did not want to help me with any of the work that was required. He had invited me over to his house to which I found my clothes in a trash bag and he wanted to talk to me which i was reluctatnt after that
we ended up having a talk to which I told him that his job is patient care since he is a physician and he took great offense to that
thus truly kicking me out
I know its toxic but the influence from other family members makes it hard since everyone is so accustom to how he acts and they let it slide
I am trying the therapy to not be the stubborn one and say that i atleast tried but if it does not work then that seems to be the only option unless he makes changes
I dont feel like he is. He still thinks I should apologize to him for what I said but I don't think what i said was bad at all or warrented his reaction
he has not done any of the assignments th e therapist has given either
i believe that is the case as well, thank you for your help
Thank you very much, I hope your situation is not as bad anymore as well, its a hard situation for anyone
thank you :) I will be ending this session now but i appreciate your time
Hello Gday
How are you tiday?
I had to break up with my boyfriend cos he was cheating with a friend of mine
Thank youu
Not really spoken to anyone
I just felt anger and called it quits
And he woudnt stop lying about it
and feeling entitled
I guess
Yea i know right
I had only felt anger at the initial sage i guess for both him and my friend
However, that stage passed
Certainly did
Its totally ok
I chose not to dwell in the negative but rather be happy and look forward to better relationship both sides in the future
Thank you so much for listening
Absolutely
Same here. Nice to make your acquaintance
I been in lock down over a year , how you think I am feeling?
lets starts from chatting from scratch
you choose to help people like me what is the secret ?
I have relation issue with a woman friend
yes yes that was the question
I probably in the near future will try to help people too
I live in Las Vegas NV USA which was real fun living there until a year ago when the lock down started. it is real depressing
ok you want to know what is the issue , well she never listen to my advise
at one time it did not bothered me at all but now I started thinking about it
OH yeah lot of rules are lifted and will go back to normal
yes she asked me but when I went out of my way to help she never comply
ok we been together for almost 14 minutes another one minute will say goodbye
what else you have to do today besides helping people?
hello!
I'm stressed about my finals :(
They are in 1.5 weeks.
I'm just getting started with doing that for three of my classes. One of my other classes I have already been studying for about a week.
Yes but I'm still anxious that I won't prepare enough and I'll get bad grades
That is true
I will try and study really hard the next couple days then
ohh that's a good idea. thank you! I'll do some relaxing activities that day
that would be smart too. I can do that for two classes but not the other two because i don't know people in those classes
thank you! i really appreciate the help you have given me
have a good day!
Hi
I'm just feeling very overwhelmed with all the shutdowns. I'm a stay at home mom and have 4 kids. Managing day to day is hard.
Yes it is. I really with Covid was gone and the kids could go back to school
It does sometimes but my kids are ages 10, 7, 5 and 1 so I can't leave the kids alone at home and with their school schedule by the time they're done with distance learning its already dark
Sometimes it feels like I don't even get a second to breath alone
When the kids aren't actually on the computer learning I'm having to assist them. I love my kids but it gets hard
Thank you I really appreciate that.
Do you have kids?
Thats a good idea! I'll make sure to try to get out.
I have a dog also. She's old though and is lazy. She ends up sitting on the sidewalk half way around the block. I've stood in front of my neighbors house for over 3 minutes before.
We have alot of pets at our house. 1 dog, 1 cat , 1 lizard, 2 frogs and a bunch of fish. We have 2 aquariums.
We're actually getting another puppy this weekend to keep things fun. lol
Watching the fish swim is relaxing. The lizard is my son's we've had him for over 5 years.
Animals do help with stress.
You should get one!
Its 10pm here. I try to get sleep but I like to get my alone time in while the kids are sleeping
I do fine myself staying up for a long time then I have to get up around 7am with the kids.
Hi, I'm sad
How are you?
Good for you. My friend died few years ago. And it's so difficult for me
She was close to me
because it's close to her death
She was my good friend. Always take caring of me and I the same way. We lived close to each other so we always hang out
Yes, it's true. It had happened with me
she was like my sister
Yes, one day she was there with me and the next day she wasn't. It's so hard for anyone
I know that time it's the only way to move on
however it's so difficult for me
I try going out with my family and friend. Avoiding things that we used to do together
trying little by little
I don't know. Do you hav e any ideas?
Probably will be difficult to find one now. I'll try fill my schedule so I always have something to do.
And my mind won't be thinking so much of my friend
Exercise, watching, a movie, play games,
Yes, I think so
Thank you
You helped me a lot
Thank you. bye
am not feeling so good, being depressed feeling like killing myself, i don't know after all have done for her
i proposed to my girl after 5 years of dating, she introduced me to one man claiming its her uncle, was very happy i had to meet one of my fianc family not knowing all was but lies
she took me to go see the man, the man even gave us relationship advice
yes!! seeing the so called man she called her uncle
caught them in the act, was devastated, my body was shaking, couldn't bear my eyes
its was as if my heart was being ripped outta my soul
All i could do at that moment is pretend i didn't see a thing
yh! am happy i knew sooner
but it s painful, i rented an apartment for her, was the one sponsoring her and her brother
i never had the courage to tell anyone, everything just kept eating me up
i provided everything i think a girl would need so she wont feel inferior but what did i get in returns
guessed i gave too much and it came back right at me
yes learnt my lessons, had to move on, but i can never respect any lady
guess that will do, yh i do have an hobby, loves reading
Thanks, i really appreciate
Thank you for your time its nice chatting with you
hi
how can i help you?
i'm in depression because i lost my job.
yes , but is very hard to find new job.
sorry what you mean?
yes i did but market is down because of this pandemic
yes i'm thinking about online job because its difficult to go out
yes i try but I can't . do you have any idea to come out from this depression
that's good idea i will try
yes sometime i'm watching but after that i'm in same situation
yes i will do , Thanks
thanks for ideas
bye
Things have much worse the last couple weeks
I had been seeing a therapist online and two weeks ago he was really mean, but said he thought it was a good session and we were making a breakthrough. Then when I signed on last week I signed in to request entrance into the meeting and after a few moments was told it was denied. Nothing like feeling the person who is paid to help you refusing to talk to you
I feel like he didn't help at all. Up to that point we mostly just talked about politics or whatever. I'm a charity patient, he get's paid through the organization, but because of my financial difficulties, I'm not paying. I think he saw that as a shortcoming on my part.
I'm not sure I can find another who I don't have to pay. My insurance has a $20 copay and if I had to pay that I wouldn't be able to buy groceries. This came through my religious organization and he was the only one available in my area. I guess I just have to find another way to cope
I'm on Medicare and supplemental insurance. I didn't know you can, possibly, see one for free. I'll look into that. That is helpful.
I asked him to help me with some but all he would say is that I should stop vaping (I switched from smoking some years ago). I told him it feels like I'm walking a tightrope and he's suggesting I get rid of the safety net without giving me something else, some other way to cope. He said that's not what a therapist is supposed to do and that my resistance shows I don't really want to change.
I asked him about meditation and if he could recommend something. He wouldn't. I have only been able to do it successfully once, at the meditation gardens when I visited my son in San Diego some years back. Since I can't always get to that kind of natural setting, I was hoping he could give me some resources. Do you know of any place I can find some?
That sounds like a good idea. I'll give that a try
Thank you
You've been helpful
Hi, I have been going through a lot of stress with school and am also sad and lonely as of late and not sure how to make myself feel better
Yes! Its very hard to keep positive with all the work I have and I feel I am not doing well.
Yes, I have a lot of exams right now and that on top of not hanging out with friends a lot lately has made life tough.
I still have decent grades but I feel like I am not prepared for big exams currently and they are worth a lot
Yes, I think you have excellent advice about organization. I feel like I lose track of what I have and when to do it. I also bounce between classes, feeling stressed because there is so much. Do you think doing one class at a time is best?
I also tend to save stuff sometimes so I have a lot of work build up with tests on the same days. I am not sure how to stop procrastinating.
Ok. Thank you so much for the ideas. It seems like you have had similar experiences with stress from school.
Yes, that was my other question to you. It sounds great to just do a little time for each class but I often get overwhelmed and need a break
I have never used check lists or planners. I think it is part of how I get overwhelmed maybe.
I have 6 classes
Yes haha. That is a good comparison. You have been super helpful. I will for sure try to use your advice. Thank you!
Have a great day and thanks again
Hello, not great. How are you?
My wife just told me that yesterday on a party my best friend flirted with my wife and asked her if she wants to have sex with him.
I am disgust and very angry to my friend
We've been friend since high school
I totally agree, it's unacceptable in any society I think
I am so angry now I want to smash his face
That's what my wife is also telling me.
But what can I do then? I want to smash things now
I don't want to cry sorry, I want hit something
It would be great, unfortunately I don't go to gym
Should I ring him and tell everything I feel about him?
What do you thing
I will then definitely ring him. Also I feel so sad because we have a lot of friends in common
That's for sure but then friends need to decide who to invite
He did a such stupid thing, now he now only myself and he is affected but also our friends
yeah true.
Thank you for you help I will ring him soon
You too, have a great day.
I have been in a relationship for just over two years. At the start it was fun and we got along great. I think we have little in common these days and I don't feel the same way I used to. I don;t want to hurt her feelings but I'm thinking about ending the relationship.
I have felt like this for a while now but I'm thinking about if more nowadays. It doesn't feel right and I don't know who to handle it.
That's correct yes. I worry that she will be very upset and the thought of her in distress does concern me. It might be easier to stay together but I don't think that's the right thing to do.
Thanks for that. I do care for her which is why I don't want to upset her.
It is good that it is possible to do this and still become friends afterwards. I do worry about how this would go and am fearful that she will react badly. How would you go about it?
I'm not sure what you mean by the right time. Is there ever a right time to do this?
Ok I get it. Don't dump her on her birthday LOL. So I should just start the talk then, may be one evening?
I do have some friends that know how I am feeling yes. Maybe they can help me come up with a plan off what to say.
I think this is going to be hard but thanks for the suggestions
Thanks for the kind words. I'll give this a try.
Ok bye
Hello there
Im okay, just a bit out of it
I'm just feeling depressed with the year ending
This year wasn't a great one
I think just general how covid hasn't been resolved yet
Its sad being stuck at home
More sad I would say
No not really. I just finished the semester
Hmm what specific hobbies would you recomend?
Do you know of any specific online resources? I haven't looked at this before
Mainly just watching youtube vids
I haven't. I might try that. Thanks for the suggestion
Okay thank you I will!
No I think I'm good
HI, I need help, I have been feeling very down lately.
I just wanted to talk to someone.
I feel like I am in a rut.
What did you do to get out of the rut.
I can try doing that.
True, I have been avoiding most people.
I will try reaching out to my sister tomorrow. maybe she can help.
I also feel embarrassed that I feel so unhappy.
Thanks, you have been a lot of help.
I will try and you have a nice day too.
Bye
Hello I would like to talk to you regarding my daily stresses
pretty much being social isolated due to the pandemic, trying to finish up my studies at the same time, and what's going on in the world with regards to the pandemic. My physical and mental health aren't great, and I am not eating as well as I should or sleeping as well as I should.
I guess we all go through that in different ways with the pandemic now
yes sure, I chat with my friend everyday on the phone and that helps to talk about each other's day and my thoughts and feelings, observations with the world etc.
I am just not able to help my tendencies to sleep really late and wake up late. My sleep pattern is really abnormal and I am disappointed in myself. It's not much about the pandemic as just gotten a really bad habit and trying to stay up late and watch movies or catch up with my work. Then it's a vicious circle in which the next day I wake up late, and my day starts late, and so to get as much done, I repeat the same damaging cycle.
So I am having real trouble breaking this pattern. And because I work once or twice a week and not during the day, I don't even have the motivation or need to wake up early.
I go out only for personal errands and that's once every week or two weeks. I still am not prepared to go out even for walks. But that's just my stubborn thinking.
My thinking is that I had stuck to this for so long it's not my style to compromise and I tend to be stubborn. And that if I had done that, I would have done that early on this year. But other people are doing it but it's also coupled with the pandemic in which I just don't think I or anyone should risk that, since I am basically sacrificing myself, while others in my apartment building are walking freely in and out. So that's my thinking.
Yes I understand. I do know it's bad to get stuck indoors. Believe me, before all this, I was going out many times a week to the movies and to the gym.
Now I just do a lot of time nothing but on the computer or in my studies. A lot of the time aimless, not even studying that well or using my time well. And I don't have the same motivation to work out that much at home, which I used to do a lot.
exactly. I understand your feelings too on that.
A lot of selfish people inviting others indoors or going out, even a few months ago when the cases were just dropping and they didn't take enough time to wait but immediately lift their own restriction and go out.
But even when there were a lot of cases, there are some people on my floor that walked freely in and out many times in one day when it wasn't safe for anyone. And I didn't get that at all and that was when I was angry and anxious of their actions.
Because that risked my safety too
sorry to hear that you have similar repetitions. That's how it feels. Everyday is the same. And when I talk with my folks on the phone, I have nothing new to share except about the pandemic, because that's the only thing new, and I only call the once a week.
But yes, I do believe that it will pass at some point.
yeah that's why I told myself early on I am doing this for everyone and I couldn't compromise no matter what. Perhaps too stringent but that was my thinking.
And it's better now and I am kind of used to this endless cycle. I used to feel even lonelier and claustrophobic.
I see. Well I do hope and it does sound like you are adapting to this well so far and staying sane. So that's good
And what sucks even more is that my city is just beginning its second wave as of about two weeks ago.
So it's just starting to ramp up
Yes I agree. Just stay strong. And one thing I told myself is that years from now I can imagine myself in that future time and thinking back to a dark, bad year, and say and think to myself that I got through it and that there was an end to the dark tunnel.
And that there is an end to this.
So that did help even though the future may be relatively far, I was vividly picturing that emotion of that time in the future.
yeah good luck to you. And at least your city is deciding to close for the better. My city hasn't even made the call yet even though this is probably the optimal time to do so, early on in the spread where it's controllable.
I am sure you will get through this great. We can do it.
Actually talking to you now, I feel renewed hope.
just kind of summarizing my thoughts and feelings.
So thank you for that and for listening and understanding.
Yes will continue to do that
social support is a very good thing
thanks, likewise.
Good luck to you then and all the best. It will be ok
I'm not doing so well. I'm really lonely and kind of sad.
Thank you. I broke up with my girlfriend. It was the right thing to do, but now I'm really lonely and sad.
Yes, that's right. It's been really hard.
Thank you. I was with her for about a year. It was good at first, of course.
I'm sorry to hear that. How long were you together? The loneliness gets so hard, especially when you just want to tell something to someone.
Thank you. Honestly, I'm glad you're there to reach out to.
Oh wow, that's a long time. And thanks. I appreciate your optimism! I am usually very upbeat and optimistic myself.
Thank you. I really appreciate it. Hopefully I can help you somehow too.
The shiba inu in my profile circle is making me smile. I used to have a shiba inu. :)
That sounds really smart. I've been trying to do that. Of course with a pandemic going on it's more difficult.
No no... my profile picture. Yours shows up as a squirrel. lol
I usually hike a lot, but my hiking groups aren't going out right now.
Maybe I should get a pet squirrel?
Yes, I actually read and write quite a bit. Especially for work. That's not overly therapeutic, but it helps nonetheless.
I have one dog who isn't much bigger than a squirrel. She has been an invaluable companion.
I've tried to keep a journal but I never stick to it. I find that writing letters to friends serves me the same purpose, and it helps me to stay connected, too. Plus, people love getting real, hand-written mail.
She is a miniature dachshund. Today she went to the bank with me, and all of the tellers came to the window to look into the car at her. lol I like cats too. Animals are so healing.
Yeah, and you're right. There's something therapeutic and cathartic about hand writing that typing does not replicate.
Yes, it made me happy to see them fawning over her. And it made her happy because they gave her treats.
Dealing with issues during Covid is so rough.
I hope you're handling them okay. I'm generally well except for the whole breakup business. Still, I know I'm better off. It just sucks sometimes.
I wish it was easier and okay to travel right now. A trip or a road trip would do me wonders.
So is five years! I hope everything works out for the best for you, too.
If there was no virus... maybe Scotland or Las Vegas to see some shows. Or up into Canada. (I'm in Pennsylvania.)
My breakup was a few months ago too. I'm in the Poconos. :)
I've been to Las Vegas about fifteen times. I love it there. I eat, go to shows, go to baseball games... it's awesome.
Wow, that's maybe an hour from me. I grew up outside of Reading. I live right by Blue Mountain.
Omg, yes. Travel! I've been to some really strange places. It's awesome. lol
I haven't, but maybe I should! I teach, and I always have students who work there. lol
Come to think of it, they might sabotage my tube. lol
That's a really good idea though. Thanks. I always see groupons for tubing, too.
Yes, they are open. I got an email yesterday or today that they're making snow now.
Let's go tubing! lol j/k
I miss getting together with friends. And live music and live sports.
I love hockey. I have season tickets to the WB Penguins, but they haven't played since March.
Hit me up at randythepoet at gmail! :)
It's almost 30 minutes. Thank you!
I appreciate your help and ideas!
I loooooove hockey. And live music. I go to hockey games in Allentown, too.
I do! And thank you again. I hope everything works out great for you (and your daughter). :)
I'm going to finish the chat. Thanks again!
You too! Have a great Thanksgiving. It was awesome chatting with you!
hello
alright. just getting by.
I am estranged from my family and living 5 hours away from everyone I know and my fiance is away for almost 2 more years
Yeah and I really have no friends since I quit drugs so I can't really even text my old female friends
My fiance's job
He works out of ATL
Yes but he is worth it.
I am just alone down here.
Yes and no, if they are on my level then yes but if not then no. I don't want to associate with people that do drugs so its been a tough time making friends.
Yep, so I just work at home since COVID so I don't really get out.
Lonely
Yeah it is okay it has been nice chatting. Hopeful time will go by quickly for me. I thank you for your time. Have a good day.
No just alone. I will be fine. thank you!
You too!
Hi, how are we doing today?
Not so good unfortunately.
Due to this pandemic, I fear for the safety of my job. It's cause me anxiety and stress.
Thanks for the positive vibes, but I doubt things will get better.
There is a lock down in my area, I fear it will only get worse.
Think about the bad things that will happen if I lost my job. I have been only thinking about the bad..
I am not religious, but thanks for the uplifting words. I just don't see a bright side over the fence.
No worries. Any activity suggestions to keep my mind off of COVID-19?
Yes, this is why, if I lose my job, my financial situation will affect the family.
Thanks for the suggestions. This pandemic has really taken a toll on me.
Hey
I have been married for 5 years but i am very unhappy and anxious. I want to break up with my partner but not sure how, this is increasing my anxiety
i've thought about this for the last year, things have been going downhill since. I think its starting to become noticible
i tried to do it around 8 months ago but my partner convinced herself that it was because i was cheating on her. Her own insecurities put me under a lot of pressure to stay in the relationship to prove i wasn't having an affair
I try to be patient, but i feel like i am wasting my life when i could be happy on my own or potentially with someone else in the future
Im anxious about my daughter and my relationship with her if we split up
I know i need to be true to myself but its extremely difficult, i'm not sure how to start the process
unfortunately i pushed all my friends away for the sake of the relationship, again the insecurities meant i couldn't have my own time and space. I know my family would be supportive, but there are a lot of financial issues with divorce which worries me
Ive considered support groups, im a little embarrassed tho. I don't think religion would be much help to me
Maybe i should reach out again?
i just hope my daughter is young enough to be able to adapt to her parents splitting up
Thank you very much, you've given me a few options to consider on how to move forward. I'm feeling less anxious with your kind words of support
thank you again, bye
hello
I have a real pickle of a problem
I am depressed and all alone
I have been isolated for 2 years now ever since my wife decided to sneak out in the middle of the night and run away
yeah what a peach she was, at least she didnt murder me like my brother did to my mom
drinking is the only thing that takes the pain away
everytime I say it cant get any worse I get a new illness
all I have to look forward to is fighting for pennies on mturk all day, who would ever countinue if thats all they had
wait till everything is taken away from you and your left with nothing and noone and see how you feel then, it might be time for a drink
riding a motorcyle
just one more thing I will never get to do again
poverty
i was riding a motorcyle next to my brother about two years before he murdered our mom, got hit by a car and nearly died
santa is bringing money this year?
or I could just steal one
I would rather meet a woman that isnt a coocoo bird
well my car is about to die so it will be walking soon
going over how horrible everything is for me all day has been a real treat
that one really made me laugh
there arent really any solutions, nothing women like more then a creepy guy talking to you on the bus
I tried but I kept failing the test
I have got so much going for me, If only the volcano hadnt come and destroyed what little I had left
no not really,
nothing to believe in
that was sarcasm, one of my only friends
well I tortured you enough
thanks for listening
Oh, not too bad, thanks. And you?
Sorry to hear you're down... I'm definitely tired of this pandemic! Trying to keep in touch with messages and phone calls can help...
Except I guess not anymore with this one friend...
Well, did you see the problem I originally wrote about?
Oh! You don't get to see the text of the problem? That's strange... I'll cut and paste it here: Oops - that's not allowed. Okay - let me input it again.
I have this friend who is now on the opposite coast. We were out of touch for 15 years, but recently reconnected. We've been texting. But now he's demanding an apology, and it's completely unreasonable...
No, not at all. It's new stuff.
We've been texting about politics, among other things. And we completely agree on the subject - that's not the issue. But I put up with his sort of acerbic wit - I ignore little put-downs, because I know that's just him...
But recently, he was talking as if he was having symptoms as a result of having had COVID previously. So I asked, Oh, you had a positive COVID test? I didn't say it like I was challenging him - I just hadn't heard this before.
Yes - he's always irritable! ha ha. So instead of answering, he launched into this thing about how COVID antibodies disappear, so the tests are pointless. I know there are some issues with the various tests. As it happens, I have a PhD in immunology, so I know a lot about this stuff...
Yes - I want to be friends! It's not me...
He started saying things that are just factually not correct. I get that the immune system is super complicated, and most people don't know much about it. But when I'd try to explain some things to him, he acted like I couldn't possibly know anything he didn't, after reading one Forbes article, and he started making personal attacks.
I don't need him, no... But he's funny, and I don't have too many people in my life right now. I just moved to a new state where I literally know no one.
And I'm also hurt and annoyed that he thinks I have anything to apologize for, when I put up with his acid tongued comments, and just turn the other cheek. I agree we should just go on, but I'm not going to apologize, when I didn't do anything.
Anyway - yes. I agree with you. Thanks for the talk. Take care!
Thanks. Bye...
Hi, I'm struggling today.
I just feel worn out with everything I have to do.
I don't know what else I can d to help my daughter.
My daughter struggles with school work and memory. She learns differently and needs lots of support. I have contacted the school a number of times over the years but never really had any support or acknowledgement from them. I guess it's just an accumulation of things.
But what do I now. She's 17 and it's so difficult to give her the time and then encourage her to tell me when she needs help and for her to be willing to accept it.
That is great advice. She does climb and hasn't been able to climb or see her friends with everything closed. I think as she will be able to again soon may be that will help her to relax and get back into it. She does learn through repetition but has lacked enthusiasm especially in the last few months.
She had heart surgery as a baby so has actually had the vaccine herself as she's in the vulnerable category. I think she ends up spending so long making aide memoires that she then leaves herself so little time to actually study.
What did you do? Her interests are music and photography. Recently she has started a gardening club with the horticulture department at school. She does enjoy her social life well when she has been able to have it. She has had social ups and downs but apart from the epidemic she has been happier than in her earlier years at school. You are right she is becoming an adult and will find her place. At 17 I guess she doesn't have to decide just yet.
You have certainly made me feel a bit more positive.
Thank you so much for your time and kindness today. You helped me refocus and some of the things you said were just what I needed to hear.
Thank you. Take care :-)
I am today very sad because my friends fighting with me
My friends avoiding my phone calls and message
Yes i am feeling alone
Yes it is common
Yes sometimes many arugument
My friends problam and we are question it
I feel uncomfortable
Yes i am sometime more in my friends
HI how are you today
Doing well, thanks.
Not too bad.
I'm taking some classes and I didn't do well on my midterms.
I hope so. I don't have a lot of hope.
Yes for the most part. Unless a family emergency arises.
I guess so. I want to have a good career.
I think it's a common problem, but I don't feel good about it.
That's a good idea. I feel more productive in the morning.
I might try that.
Yes, drinking water helps with concentration.
i'm struggling with my depression, I can't seem to get a handle on it
I just keep reliving that moment in my head
yes, they just keep popping up can't stop it
I tried, I tried to keep myself busy, but boom my depressions hits me like a brick wall.
no my doctor prescribed me meds but it's not working. I will try meditation see it works. any more ideas?
hate taking meds. just keep reliving that moment. can't get it out of my head. it's killing
I will take your advice and right down my thoughts , maybe it will help the pain
I have, I've been seeing a therapist. his not much help I think but it's someone I can talk too
thank you I hope so too
thanks for the confidence. I hope so to
you've been very helpful
no problem , hope you a better day than me
I'm very sad.
I found out my boyfriend went to see his ex
No, i hacked his facebook. He told me he was going to hang out with friends. but i found out he lied
we have been together for 3 years
he doesn't know that i know
i don't know yet tbh.
i have never been cheated on before.
we also live together so it's complicated
But, how do I know for sure if he did cheat?
The messages were about meeting up for a photoshoot at the brooklyn bridge.
is that cheating because he lied
i'm still friends with many of my exes, but he knows that and we all hang out together
thats why it's weird that he lied
also, when he gets home, how do i tell him how i found out.
i mean, i literally got into his facebook without asking
i just had this intuition that he was being suspicious
well, it was weird that he got so dressed up to go hang out with friends
it makes sense now that i know he went for a photoshoot
yeah, she's a photographer
she took all his headshots when he first moved to America, actually
when they were together
i worry that i am jumping to conclusions.
he may say: you are friends with ur exes, why can't i be friends with mine?
he never said which friends he was going to see
he also didnt offer to take me with him, though
i always invite him when i hang out with my exes
never before.
i guess ur right
Hi there
I've not been doing great to be honest. I'm finding it hard to stay positive with all these constant lockdowns and restrictions
I'm actually from the UK. I live in the North of the country near Manchester and things are bad here right now.
Yes I suppose it does help to think it possible not for the long term but my friends seem to be dealing with it better than I am and I'm not quite sure why it's put me in such a sad emotional state. I should just get on with it but have very low motivation
no not really because I'm not supposed to mix with people outside of my household. I could potentially try and meet them virtually online or on a video call is this something you've had much experience with?
Ok that's interesting so you have also suffered with depression in the past? exactly how did you get out of it yourself?
that's a really good suggestion. I could also catch up with friends that haven't seen for a while. I think this would definitely work to boost my mood. The only problem is being depressed isn't something that I'm familiar with. what if it goes a little bit deeper than this?
Sure, or something conversations like this help perhaps a support group would be a good idea also?
I've never heard of this, what is it?
I think something to take my mind off the current situation would be really good. I like the idea of a virtual book club. is it free?
I like the sound of that, thanks for your help
thank you for the vote of confidence.
hello
i am in depression friend, don't really know what else to do
i was furloughed and getting another good job is like mission impossible
the is no job anywhere
i have to go to the food shelter last month
that how bad things are going
didnt get you
i have been going all around looking for a part time job but nothing yet
yes i am still trying every angle
thanks, i will keep trying
thanks
good luck to you too
nice talking to you
and please is there any other way i can get job easily
i have tried all my best
no not yet
ok, i will
thanks for that
same here
thanks
nothing at all
you have been more than helpful
I am good and you
coughing time to time has been my fucking fear
If anyone will talk now, telling me to come off smoking
and I don't want to die now
okay
I am trying to stop that smoking little by little but, it is not easy, what i have been doing for the pass 30 years
no, it has been occurring for the past 5 years
ok, cure coughing ?
how effective can that work for thirty years of smoking
I started smoking since my first year in college, take as many parks per day as possible as i can get it
which store is selling it and where can I get it, although I am not sure it will work, because i have tried some other means that could' nt work
mmmh, I am also scared of death
like serious
yes, staying with my laptop always. but immediately i leave come on, I will smoke not less than one park
where do so i can get the magic candle, may be i can give it a try
where can i get it?
ok
thanks
i will do that bye
I am feeling a high level of anxiety.
My car had some issues recently and the mechanic bill is adding up and getting bigger and bigger. I am not sure how I am going to pay for it all.
Yes. My wife lost her job due to it and it has put a larger burden on us financially.
Yes, unfortunately I make too much money to qualify with my job. It still is a huge burden not having the income we depend on from my wife.
We're trying. She has a few interviews set up next week.
No. We just moved to a new city in the past year so we don't know many people.
administrative work.
No we haven't yet. That's actually a pretty good idea.
Anything would help at this point. We also have a three year old to care for.
We feel bad going to food banks. I make enough money to pay the bills and I know there are others out there in more need. It's just when the unexpected happens it makes things really tight and difficult. We have used up all our savings during the pandemic and I rely on my car to get to and from work.
Thanks for the reminder. We have donated to several places in the past. I appreciate the kind words.
Likewise! Thanks again, I really appreciate your time. :]
I am pretty sad
My partner broke up with me a few days ago after having been together for about ten years
Yes that is correct
I am not feeling very positive tonight but I think you are right. I think I reached out for help to assist me in making it through this difficult time safely. I have a problem with self abuse.
I am a cutter
I usually start cutting on myself when I get too depressed if I do not use drugs and alcohol.
I could always use any help I can get. Please send the number
I live in colorado springs colorado which is elpaso county
Sure, and thank you!
I really appreciate the numbers you have sent. I want to thank you for your time and your kindness. You have been a great help tonight!
im okay i guess how about you?
no I haven't been doing okay I've actually been extremally stressed, but at this very moment im okay i guess, even though he isnt home, after awhile you kind of get used to the late night worrying and anxiety and depression
he is my boyfriend but we have been together for 6 years, and since his car wreck and him being diagnosed with tbi he hasnt been him self lately! and it seems like he has been getting worse!
well yes but no, he got in a car accident on 9/6/2018 and i fall pregnant exactly a year later my due date was 9/4/2019 but i had her 8/22/19 and
i was going to say alot more but it wouldnt let me so i copied it but it wont let me paste it so im not even going to try to type all of that up agin lol
but long story shot he cheated on me a half a year after i had my daughter and now the girl is pregnant wanting me to take in her child bc its either her life or the babys and me being the person i am i ant let the baby go into foster care or my baby not being able to see her sibling
yep its a very frustrating and difficut situation
what would u do or how would u feel if u was in this situation? i ended up getting back with him bc i didnt want my child without a father like i was
nope i keep to myself! and alot of friends and family dont even know shes pregnant with his kid yet, but yes at the time i had help
yes it does get alot more complicated exp when my kid is involed and then i have to thing about him not being himself bc of his tbo
yea i know,but thats hard when u dont know how to deal with the situation and when u meet someone that u just can stay mad at
i know, im trying to work on that! i forgive to easily
yea sometimes i guess
it really isnt! its actuallt really hard, its like you hate them but you also love them at the same time
hopefully soon somethings will change for the better, i just hope i figure out what i should do and to make a better me and a better life for everyone
yes for sure! it felt great being able to talk to someone about this
same goes to you also have a good night
your welcome, and thank you also
I can't believe it I just got layed off.
I know. It's going to be nearly impossible to find something good now.
I live in a small town. The mill is pretty much all we have that pays good.
I have my car. No bus's go through here.
I just got out of the Air Force. I really need a steady paycheck right now.
And the holidays are just about here. This is going to suck.
This is the first time in 3 years i will be home for Christmas I was hoping to make for not being here.
My luck we won't be able to leave the house.
I was thinking about learning how to make my own beer. Two birds one stone.
That is true.
Thank you and have a great weekend.
hello
not very good.
my husband and i have been fighting alot recently over his infidelity
its really taken a toll on me. we have tried several counselors but nothing seems to be working
weve been married for 14 years. I feel broken by this. we have 2 kids and my daughter, the eldest knows
yes but my husband doesnt want to fi things. hes happy with having 2 women
ive had to buy a recorder and put it in his car. The things i heard were horrible.
he found out though.
I dont want my youngest to know. He loves his father and i dont want to destroy that
i feel horrible. Im actually trying to fix things while he texts her every day
i dont know whats gonna happen
i do very much
i do but every time i do he thinks that its that i dont trust him and that i hate him
and i dont hate him or his lover. I just want things to go back they used to be.
what should i do?
im not sure if i can, but i dont want to live in constant paranoia of him
im just so lost
kind of
you think so?
ok. ill consider that
thank you so much
this has been going on for half a year
thank you
thank you so much. stay safe
bye bye
i have a feeling that everything will be okay.
yes. Thanks to you i can broaden my search
thank you. good bye
Hello
Are you there?
That is okay! I'm glad you're here
I'm doing alright I suppose, just trying to do a few mturk tasks to feel like I'm accomplishing something. Waiting to hear back from unemployment and not hearing back from any job applications makes it hard to ever really relax
I've never done any computer based jobs before, I did live audio and carpentry before this, so I just feel like I don't qualify for anything, but I'm immune compromised so until this is over i don't know what other work I can safely do besides for something from my computer....
I just feel so terribly stuck
I haven't received any financial assistance from the government yet, I've been living off of loans from friends and what little of my art I've been able to sell. It's stressful. I just want my life back.
I felt like I was on a really good career path at the first of the year, and now I just don't even know what o do
I don't want to. If there is a vaccine in the first quarter of 2021 then the company I worked for before this will be able to go back to business, and I've been assured my old job back.
I'm just in limbo right now, figuring out how to survive until then and keep from going crazy
Music (that's why I was in the music industry before this haha) and art. I paint and do woodburning. I also love my cats, they spark a lot of joy.
Thank you for chatting with me, and helping me earn the maximum bonus for this task! I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day! Good luck in your own endeavors.
oh, I think you need a couple more inputs on your end to finish
Perhaps you could tell me what brings you joy?
I'm glad you're enjoying it, I like this task too.
That is beautiful! Keep it up!
Am feeling down and blue.
Recently no one in my family is talking to me. I think they are mad I went back to taking alcohol. I was depressed because I lost my job.
I feel calm to know someone else knows what am feeling.
How can I stop going back to alcohol when am depressed?
Its been a few weeks since I lost my job but I never told anyone In my family.
I am not sure who to talk to first. Mom or Dad? Am worried my mom will make a big issue out of it.
I feel reassured now will definitely find time to face dad and let him know what am going through. Thank you was nice talking to someone who can understand me easily.
Bye
One more question, did you stop drinking alcohol completely or did you go about your consuption?
That sounds like a good plan. I hope I will also come up something that can work for me. Also, will try seeking help from my doctor.
Thank you once more. Bye
I'm ok
how are you
I'm going through some things at the moment
I've been feeling a lot of self doubt lately.
Tell me about it/
I'd say so, yes.
Yep, SAD is not fun. For me it's year-round though
Maybe. I push myself a lot to the point where it is detrimental at times.
Unfortunately the cycle feeds itself. Depressed, can't get out of bed, not exercising, more depressed, etc.
Good advice and I am trying to get back into it. Thanks
you said it.
I like that saying, thanks. although the irony of saying we're only human while comparing to a plant is kinda funny.
goodbye. thanks for the chat.
yes indeed
i am a biology student who happens to love plants.
Hi. I don't know... sort of down. Sort of empty... How about you?
Well, I moved to a new state - feeling pretty alone.
No, not really. I inherited some money, because both of my parents died last year. So I bought a house I love, in a tiny town...
Yes, probably. But of course it's a weird time for that, with COVID...
Well, I didn't really do that much before COVID. But everything's changed in my life. I thought I could make a new start.
I feel like I know what the right things to do are, but nothing sounds fun. I feel like I'm just trying to force myself to do the things I should want to do.
It's not that I thought money would buy me happiness, but it is strange that now that I could do almost anything, I really can't think of anything I want to do.
I definitely have depression. I can try taking meds again, I should probalby try counseling... I did start going to a doctor, at least
I know it makes sense to try that, since it does help some people. But I just feel like, I know what they're going to say. I already know what I should do. I just don't do it.
It's like I'm just so lazy... I don't do anything. I could honestly just stay in bed and read and sleep all day and night.
I'm not suicidal at all, but I would be totally fine with a big meteor taking us all out tomorrow. I feel like I gave it a shot, I'm sort of ready to be done. I find myself feeling jealous of very old people...
If I could have traded places with one of my parents, I would have in a heartbeat. They loved life, and they were good at it.
Yes! I'm not even joking - I think cats are the best thing there is in life. The day after I bought my house was the first genuinely happy day I'd felt in a decade or more - and the next day my cat died unexpectedly. Ugh...
Okay. Thanks for chatting. Hug your cats for me.
Yeah. It was rough, after losing both parents last year. Ughh...
Take care. Bye.
I didn't doubt that for a moment. I'm really so sorry. I understand...
To you as well. Dream of kittens!
Hello
Feeling pretty down to be honest.
I'm just really lonely. My friends are all very busy lately and I haven't been able to find a partner for a long time.
Yes. Normally it's not so bad but it's been such going on for such a long time. It's harder to deal with after so many years.
Yes, but the biggest part is not being able to find romantic partner.
Part because of my low income and part because of my age. I live in a college town and most single women are 10 years younger than me.
I've tried but my friends don't have very large social circles and most mutuals are already dating or are not interested in dating anyone at all.
Internet dating is a cost issue, the most popular apps charge to meet the person, I could look at singles nights once the Covid issue is over. I don't even know if there are any locally.
I hear that from people. I wish I had Covid as an excuse instead of just being confused about why I can't find someone.
Possibly, I can see how that is possible.
Well I appreciate the advice and support.
Thanks!
Hello
I'm hanging in there or trying to. How are you?
I'm having a lot of anxiety and anger issues. My wife wants a divorce.
I want to work on the marriage. She doesn't even want to talk.
She found someone else.
I'm not even sure why she was looking. She shouldnt of been talking to anyone like that.
I am so upset. I can't eat, I can't sleep. I can hardly get up and function.
I don't understand why people even get married if they are going to look for someone else.
We could of just staid dating.
She won't talk to me. I am out of state (back home with family). She told me when I was up here. She blocked me on everything. This new person is already living with her or staying there all the time. When I call this other person answers her phone and talks trash. She won't let me talk to my wife at all.
And obviously my wife does not attempt to talk to me.
I have joined some facebook groups with other that were cheated on while married.
I use to love to craft and sell stuff on Etsy. Since this has all gone on I have a hard time doing any of it.
I am trying. I try to listen to music too but every song reminds me of her.
I have to listen to music that I did not with her...which is limited.
I wish I knew what the secret was to just not love her anymore.
I feel like she shut off her feelings for me. I wish I knew how to do the same.
I keep trying to distract myself. It's so much easier to lay in bed and do nothing
I don't even know anymore I feel like I need to find new hobbies
I will do taht
Well it was nice talking to you
Thanks for listening
I am sad
Its very stressful now that I don't have work
Since last week when I was fired
It am struggling to pay for food
I can only eat bananas
And I only have 0.05 cents
that only enough for one banana
I work for amazon turk too. It's the only way I can afford my banana based diet
I have friends I can call
Their name are Plantain, Cavendish and Musa acuminata
They are really nice
Yes, those are all my girlfriends. I'm very good friend's with one of their husbands, Dole.
He had helped me in the past.
We took many great vacations to South and Central America to India, China and Africa
Which is where all types of bananas grow.
We flavored so many bananas
I live alone. Just me and 349 garden knomes
I need to support my garden gnomes children. They will starve if I can't find a job quick!
Maybe I should move to South America and open my own farm
Last night I had a bad dream
That I only 467 gnomes
That I only had
I LOST ONE OF MY GNOMES
I JUST LEFT HIM BEHIND
SOMEWHERE SCARED AND CRYING
IN THE RAIN
And then the HORRORS, the rest of my children starved RIGHT BEFORE MY EYES
And then they SHRIVLED INTO NOTHING
I was devastated
WOW you're right!!! Thank you so much for your help
I have a new purpose
I see the true goal of my life
Thank you
THANK YOU
hey too. Have got a mental problem need your support if you don`t mind
Well, i was laid off from work during the Covid-19 period mid-last year (June) at a time when i was financially down. this was the start of my woes. Really need support since i have had rough time recollecting myself
I feel so anxious since i am not able to meet most of my family needs as i used to before covid
Currently i have no support apart from the meagre earnings of my wife
I have looked into it, applied but have not been fortunate to get one yet
Sure. I really need your support on how to manage the anxiety because despite constant reassurance from my wife, i still feel i am letting down my family as a man
Wow, that is awesome. You mean deep breaths do help?
How often do i need the breaths?
I actually feel the support from my wife for which i am grateful but then my children are young to understand it all. I used to do a lot for them and constantly tell me to do the same but am unable cause it needs money
It is quite unfortunate that in my family we are used to finding joy as a family outside the home setting which requires spending and this we are not able to meet it often times as we have had to reduce spending
Apart from deep breaths, what other ways can i use to manage my anxiety?
Wow, am amazed! You mean anxiety can be managed so simply?
Wanna give it a try
sure. Let me adjust my attitude first and accept the situation. Hoping t cope with the situation in due course
Much grateful for the support
That wasn`t little. It was much and am gonna try it out.
Sure. My hope too.
Goodbye
Hi..I am facing immense sadness because of a recent breakup with my boyfriend..
My boyfriend was very abusve and is very doubtful of me ,so I need to be broke up with him.
Can you provide me some resources on how to do that
Yes I can do that..anything else?
Yeah..I can try that..
Do you really think so?
Can you suggest me how to get in to a new relationship when i commit next time..
I will certainly keep in mind..
Yeah that is a statement to be remembered..
can you tell me which men are more kind .
Sure..thank you for all the help.
Thank you .bye..
Hi, I am having a really hard time. I just found out that my boyfriend cheated on me a year ago.
Yes, I told him that my best friend confessed it to me. It was my best friend and him. I was so shocked.
No, I am so mad but I don't want to break up with him. I told my best friends that I never want to see her again though. My boyfriend and I have plans to get engaged this month. I am furious at him though.
I have never been so blind sided. Maybe I should reconsider! I have had a guy after me for at least the last year but I never cheated! I really wanted to though.
I am thinking that you are right. I feel like my whole world is upside down and I have wasted all this time with the wrong guy and the wrong best friend. I also wonder who else he might have cheated on my with.
I am so grossed out because I am a germaphobe to begin with. I have not slept with any other person in my whole life so I feel like I am ruined. I want to throw up when I think of him cheating on me. I want to get married and I have a timeline so I am also really confused on what to do if I dump him.
Yeah, the guy who liked me was super rich too! My boyfriend is telling me that he wants my best friend to still be in the wedding party too. She was suppose to be my maid of honor, no less.
I have compartmentalized my life and never thought of looking around at my other options. You are making really good points. I need to just stop and really look at my options. I never realized that I have options, it's not like i am even engaged yet.
It feels good sharing how I feel with you because you don't have a dog in the fight so to speak.
I never listen to my heart and think that is a great place to start. I always have a plan and go with that but you are making a lot of sense. Thank you for your time today.
Have a great day and I might be back soon to give an update.
Hi there, how's it going?
Not so good, you?
This pandemic has me stressed about my job stability.
Yes. My firm has already cut 15%. I am fearful I'll be next since I'm a low level employee.
Yes, very. If I were to get fired. I have no idea what to do for my future.
Where I live, we currently have a lock down. I feel like small businesses will be forced to shut down. Economy is getting worse. My anxiety is getting worse.
Finance.
I doubt it. But thanks for the positive vibes.
Is there a lock down where you live?
Yes, but he can only do so much to be honest.
I do sometimes. Which games do you recommend?
Oh, that's very interesting. Thank you.
hello
How are you?
It's ok. I am trying to get my crafting business off the ground. I'm just stressed.
No just keeping motivated. I sell wreaths but I'm switching more to tumblers (just easier storage wise).
I have sold wreaths for awhile but I did not have time to be as serious so I did not sell a ton. Now it's time to kick it up and get tings moving. Be more serious about it.
I need more motivation, time and energy.
I have not but that's a good idea
I feel like I need more hands/arms too. If I was like an octopus I'd be good lol
Yo
I am decent. I am here because my friend talks way too much on the phone, and it frustrates me.
They never want to hang up, and the talk can literally go on for hours.
No, he loves it! I'm the one who hates it.
I tell him, but he just doesn't get it. Or, he says he understands, but then just goes back to talking!
Or, he may finally end the talk, but the next time we talk, he will just do it all over again!
He will literally talk up to 10 minutes without letting you have a word in. As far as that advice, I have hung up, but he gets extremely offended easily.
I'm at my wits end. I tell him all the time. "You talk too much. You gotta stop talking at me. You gotta give the other person a turn. You gotta respect other's time."
Well, I've been friends with him for a long time. He's funny and can have interesting perspectives on things. Also, we have done a lot together in the past.
Oh, yes, I have other friends in conversations who can take turns and understand the concept of time just fine.
I just don't know what to do about this guy in particular. I still want to be his friend, but he just doesn't change.
Do you think I should just have a timer that goes off at 1 minute and let it beep in his face if he goes on for too long to train him like a monkey?
I just need a method. Talking to him is just not working.
He is hard to condition.
Yea, but I might be able to slip some humour in there to take the edge off because it is so silly.
Any other ideas?
So your option is to start just doing something else when he is talking? He might get the message in a subtle way?
This is true, and it isn't bade advice. Haha! That is funny. Yes, maybe I should find something to carry around with me that I can enjoy.
I don't really like to draw...
Yes, perhaps I should just use the internet when he starts talking too much.
I have a phone.
This solves the problem in person, but it doesn't solve the talks over the phone, but it has been 15 minutes now and this has been helpful enough. Thank you for your solutions. You have been very supportive and kind to me
I don't want to take up any more of your time. It has been a good conversation.
Goodbye. You as well.
Hi, how goes?
Well, you see when I was dating my ex she and I had a threeway with the woman who was living in my mother-in-law apartment at the time. Well the ex and I broke up not too long after, and eventually the mother-in-law woman and I got married. My ex lives next door though, and her and my wife bump into each other all the time and sparks tend to fly. It's kind of awkward in the neighborhood.
Well, the ex has gotten in the wife's face once or twice, but that's simmered down some. Part of the problem also is that the ex is simultaneously one of the smartest people I've ever met, and also a pretty serious alcoholic. So she's brilliant, but kind of emotionally stunted at the same time.
Oh I can't imagine ever moving. We have a pretty terrific house. Plus I bought most of the neighboring houses over the years, so now it's kind of a whole compound. I don't know that there's any particular fix for this, it's just sort of something to live with I think.
Oh a little bit. She's only mildly weirded out by the whole thing. It's a shame the ex has to be kind of problematic about everything. I mean otherwise we could all still hang out and whatnot
That's pretty good advice I'd say!
Yes, that's a possibility as well I suppose.
I think we're allowed to wrap this up at this point, if you like?
Still with me?
yooo hooo
oh ok, I think we need to chat a bit more in order to wrap things up
Hello! I'm just here because recently I haven't felt motivated. I miss my friends and I want to see them and do things, but everytime they offer I am too unmotivated to go out even though I want to. And I live with one of my best friends, and I don't even do anything with her
yes prettu much
It's sort of on and off recently. I'll get little bursts of motivation, and then it quickly goes away. Pretty much every other day
Oh really? I hope so I'm worried that it isn't natural since I haven't always been like this
Oh so me feeling this way could be a result of other things that maybe aren't at the healthiest in my life?
I feel like I eat okay and I get enough sleep, but I do work a lot. Very long days and I feel drained at the end of the day. That seems like the obvious reason, but usually I'm still able to do stuff afterwards...
So I'm not sure if that is truly why
That's true, I haven't really talked to them about it. I usually have a hard time opening up
I guess I'm scared I'm going to come across weaker to them
Yeah. It's just easier for me to do it anonymously but I do need to talk to the people that are important to me
Yeah, I think so too :)
Thank you!
I'll do my best
Thanks for listening. I hope you have a great day!
Going to the store gives me Panic Attacks! Driving also makes me highly anxious.
I am on medication but this only seems to help moderately.
Hi
No. This has been going on before the pandemic
COVID didn't cause my anxiety
Yessir
Only the past couple of years. It came on suddenly at a nail salon after I had an allergic reaction to a chemical in acrylic nails.
Originally the doctors thought it was brain inflammation.
What suggestions do you have for improving it?
Meditation?
Exercise?
I do art. And never have anxiety when I'm painting, however, I cannot exactly do that at the store
I have and I did
Support groups don't really help stop the Panic Attacks. They cause all sorts of sensations. Fast heart rate, chills, shakes, My brain feels foggy and impersonal.
I do go to the store often with my fiance :)
That has helped a lot
Yeah, it's definitely annoying. But it isn't JUST at the store. I was diagnosed with Panic Attack Disorder and even have attacks at home where I freak out.
It's been better since I was on medication but I never feel completely....normal
That's actually a really good idea. Distractions definitely seem to be the way to go for me.
That's probably why art helps so much
I wonder if it should be calming music or music that I generally feel like dancing too
I know that sometimes calming music kinda makes me more centered and aware of myself which can exacerbate the problems sometimes.
I usually listen to music loudly when Im in my car to help with the anxiety
Of course, I always think its working then I get to the store and my hands hurt from gripping my steering wheel so hard XD
I think a lot of my anxiety doesnt stem from social stuff but from a fear of death tbh
What other distractions can you reccomend?
*recommend
I don't!
That's a really good idea too. Thanks so much
<3 Have a good one!
Hai friend how are you?
hey, Mmm I haven't slept.
I lost my job due to pandemic , Now I not able to satisfy my needs.
I asked help from my friend, relatives and applied in online . not yet receive any positive result.
I can't able to pay rent and hospital fees.
Sorry , I can't come over the situation . I lost my hope.
If there is any opportunity we will put forward , but all the doors were closed , I was corner and helpless.
Yes I accept your thought and gives me support , thanks you for your concern.
Please refer me if you have any friend .
Thanks a lot Bro.
Have a nice day.
Hi
I am having trouble with depression lately after I had a sister pass away a few months ago in an unexpected fire.
Yes, it has been extremely hard.
I am feeling extremely sad and like I don't feel like doing anything.
I have not for this particular issue, I tried it in the past and didn't like it too much.
I think that is a really good idea, I hadn't thought about seeking out others with the same situation.
Have you ever experienced anything like this in your life?
I am sorry to hear that, what types of things did you do to get through it?
How long was it before you felt normal again?
I try to do the same thing.
Thank you for chatting with me today!
good morning
tired, how about you?
Is it afternoon where you are?
I'm still waking up, should have more coffee. And, I am just always tired, tired of everything these days
I think it's my depression. I have a very hard time getting motivated to do anything. Nothing seems worth it
I have suffered with it all my life, but this past year has made it so much worse. I feel as if I have no control over anything as these stupid lockdowns go on and on and on
Are you a real person?
I know that I need to do that, but it's pushing myself that is so hard.
For sure, and I know that so many are much worse off than I.
what do you do for fun? can you give me any ideas?
Same, wish I could move to another state where they have more freedoms. Also, it is still winter here so that does not help. I spend my time worrying about those hurt thru all of this...so many having depression, anxiety, increased overdoses, suicides and relapses.
I have always had this depression, think it must be a chemical thing, I don't know. I just never feel happy, since i was a kid
Quit my job recently because I was working helping people filing their unemployment and it was so stressful!
I feel other's pain so much
thank you :) you sound like a nice person
can you tell me where you are? I am in the US, in Illinois
I hope you are real. It is good to connect with someone else!
Cool!!! I would love to hear your accent, lol
At least there is sun out today. How about there?
It's been nice chatting with you. I hope you have a good day! Do something fun
haha...sorry about that! Be safe and hang in there. It's got to get better someday. It's on the way
You have! Just to talk to someone is good. Thank you!
bye for now
have a nice day, and weekend....bye
Are you there?
Just wanting advise on how to handle this?
Can you not see my problem above?
I wrote a long issue above
I have a friend that was using heroin. She said that she has quit and is getting help and is now on suboxone. However, I am not sure if that is the case. There are times that I am talking with her and she has droopy sleepy eyes and kinda nods off. I have comfronted her but she denies any drug use and gets mad and says this is why addicts go back because they get acussed even when they arent using. Any advise on what I should do? Should I just leave it alone and home that she is getting the help she needs? She has 3 kids too.
yes that is correct. I worry about her and her kids, but I am not sure if she is clean or not.
I just dont want to make her mad and steer her away from me
Yes and yes. I have thought it could be the suboxone. That is a good point.
Thanks for your advice.
Me too! To be honest it is my daughter so that is even more alarming!
They don't want to listen to family
Thanks so much
Thanks again! Yes please pray for her!!!
God bless you!!
hello
I'm doing good
and you
I need money to celebrate xmas and new year on a big party
I friends and girl friend that I need to take out for this xmas
yes
and for party
around my town, Just to enjoy ourselves for this new year celebration
I am even bordered, I don' t like to be broke
they will not like those small places
yes oo, you are right
cold
You know, it s a kind of tradition what you normally do every year, this year now, you refuse to do anything, think of how they will feel
yes, you are getting my point
I need a means to get instant money to hold the party
neutral party of 1000 dollars
We normally hold a club party
or may be I should borrow money and refund it later ,afte the year celebration
okay
I will look for a way out, if no means , I will do a parlor party as u said
thanks for your time
bye
okay
Hi, I'm very depressed and sad.
Please help
Please help me I need help
I think it's because of my poor relationships in life
I'll try and see if that calms me down.
My family doesn't like me because I'm bad at school. My friends don't really like me or talk to me much. I feel alone.
Not really. I try to talk to my friends but they avoid me.
That seems like a good idea.
I'll try to do that, thank you.
Thank you so much. I feel like I can talk to someone now.
No, I'm okay. I feel a little better. I hope I'll be able to talk to a friend soon
Sad!
Actually I need more help
What step should I take after this one?
Thank you so much!! You're helping me a ton
Yes, of course~
That seems very, very smart. Thank you
Im ok noq
now
Yes, I promise I will. I'm going to go rest now. Thank you again.
I'm ok. How are you?
I have had little motivation to get out of bed and go to work lately.
Yes, do you have any advice to help me?
Thank you. I really would like to get my motivation back
Yes, with some hard work, I'm certain it can return. Do you do anything to keep yourself motivated?
That is a good advice
I will start to focus on smaller tasks first
Yes, sometimes it is hard to just get into that groove
Yes, I am not very good at getting good night rests
Should I stop playing on my mobile device as well?
I will try and stop using it right before bed then.
i think that is great advice and I will start there!
Thank you, I appreciate your time. I hope you have a great day.
Thank you!
we work in teams nobody besides me did anything and advisor did never say we where behind or anything
yes our team seems to be failling the senior project
advisor never said that there was issues, prof does not want to hear it. team mates not doing a lot and I had 3 surgeries in the past 2 month
now i might have to go an addittional semester to college
well we either succeed all or nobody
I tried but he does not want to hear it he said we all need to do this together and due to restrictions we would not be able to complete on time
He said there is nothing that can be done...he just brushes it off, and how do i tell my parents i need another semester to finish my degree
well it seems the solution right now is to start over and add a semester...
I understand that part but it takes 3 semesters for a senior project so if i resart since this one is declared a failure i will have to add a semester...thats more money and maybe i loose the job i was to start
maybe I am just freaking out???
you think it makes me look like a failure???
but if i was your kid would you be disapointed?
so you think i just need to talk to them?
ok i will try
Thanks for listening
Hey! Ive been better. Just so stressed out! I dont handle pressure well.
Thats right. I have three final exams next week and Ive had the flu so I havent been able to study at all.
Im sure I can figure something out. Ill definitely have to study all weekend. I just really need to pass. Do you know any good tricks to help study?
Thanks! Education is very important in my family. My dad was a teacher so Ive always had to live up to high expectations.
I love that idea! I think Ill feel much better if I take that time to just relax before I really start working.
Whoever said that sure knew what they were talking about. Its so true!
Any snack recommendations? Ive got some fruit on hand, but its a little boring by itself lol
I dont think Ive ever tried banana chips! Ill have to see if my grocery store has got them. Maybe I can get some delivered by the time Im ready to study
Thanks so much! Ive added them and some of my favorite trail mix to my cart. Should be delivered in 1 hour!
I am feeling better. Thanks so much for the advice :)
Thank you. Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hello?
I'm doing alright
How about you?
I've just been feeling a little down about the breakup, even though it was like 4 years ago
Yes
Initially, I was sad about being heart broken, but later I became more concerned about why I had a strange complex I never even knew I had
Which I never discovered until recently
When I first met my partner, she was at a low point in her life
Yea
Naturally, I wanted to help her, even though I felt somewhat uncomfortable at first
So I stuck with her and saw her become better
even made some friends along the way
However, I suddenly started to feel a little depressed for some reason
I believe it's because I felt useless after that point
I didn't lose interest, it was just that I had this strange complex where I needed to feel needed
She said that she was busy with other stuff
Never been in another one
I've had crushes, but it never went past that for various reasons
I don't think so
The thing is, I'm still friends with her
It's rather awkward, tho. We don't even talk often
I've done such thing during the summer
Oh no, I mean volunteering
Yes, I most certainly enjoy it
Okay, bye
Thanks for your time
Good afternoon
I have been better. Staying home due to pandemic has been challenging.
I feel like all i do is wait on my children!
very overwhelming because there are no days off on the horizon.
The pandemic has kept everyone at a distance.
without a paycheck like i received at work I also feel underappreciated
Thats a thought... I hadn't considered looking into community help.
I really do need to find a way to have some personal space once in awhile
I like peace and quiet to read
Thank you for all your help
so my partner broke up with me
and he left right after we lost our baby
I still love him and want him back even after all that
yes he does but he says he doesn't want a relationship with anyone
Maybe but what if he dates someone else
Probably true but its getting harder to not think about him lately
work and school i guess but then every time I break its hard
I don't want to involve friends or family into this
am trying to make sure no one notices so cant secretly see a therapist
because if we do get back together my family or friends might not agree with it
or support it
What I think is right might hurt other people like how people view him
its hard to let go of everything after all we've had
it feels like loosing an important part of my body
but yes i am trying to just stop and leave but sometimes he calls especially when he needs help
and I cant not help him, and I get reminded of everything somewhere a long the way
Thank you will keep trying to do that.
surprising better when can talk about all this
and none really just staying indoors
well, any plans yourself
yea, I get that. I just fell guilty not helping him sometimes
alright, let me not keep you, Thanks for the help.
Probably block him everywhere and try to occupy myself.
I'm good. Getting cold outside. Temp dropping over 20 degrees. Brr
Oh no, I hate driving in the snow. Spun out one year- rather not drive in snow- at least when it's icy.
My interest rate hit another credit card. Have to pay $80 more a month now
Hoping to find more work so I can pay it off faster
yeah cuz it was a no interest rate card and that expired so it started charging interest. I knew it was coming but need to work more hours now. The interest I pay every month will go down as I pay more of the principal off. I just hate it
Yes and no. Cuz I know I will pay it off within 3 years at the most. Probably closer to two years. I just don't like to wait and want to pay it off sooner if possible
Yeah it's easier said than done. Btw I heard Biden might forgive student loans! Yay!
Yeah cuz it bought a lot of items I needed so I'm happy I got them
maybe they will reimburse you on what you paid
I could if i really discipline myself to
I get some but I spend the money on myself- like chocolate!
itll prob take me 2-3 years to pay it off. if i go too much into discrectionary money i feel deprived
absolutely. the time will go by fast enough and it will be paid off. ill make sure not to run the credit cards so high next time
thank ya! I think I'm fairly responsible. I like to have nice things and my credit card bill proves it lol
yes very much so. thank ya! Have a great evening! Bye
I'm feeling really sad. I just found out that I was rejected from a job that I really wanted!
No. I've had a lot of interviews but no one seems to want to hire me :(
Sorry to hear you've been struggling too! I think it's just frustrating because there seems to be lots of jobs out there, but I must be giving a bad impression during my interviews.
Interviews are so stressful, though! I can't stand the thought of needing to do more of them.
That's a good idea. I hadn't really thought of that.
That does sound hard for me. I'm really shy around new people.
How did you handle having to work with new people all of the time?
That sounds hard. I don't know if I can do that. It feels like I'll never get a job.
I wouldn't know where to start with that. I feel like m ost "online" jobs are probably scams.
I've heard of that. Thanks, maybe I'll check it out.
You have, thanks for listening and for the advice!
Thanks! Have a nice day :)
Hi, doing OK. how are you doing?
I am having difficulty in controlling my anxiety and look for some support.
Not really, although I got some medication prescribed, however, am very afraid of getting addicted and reliance.
Yes, she suggested so. But I am not convinced.
I see many friends getting relying on the medication even after they feel OK.
I haven't thought about it...maybe not familiar with the circumstance.
Maybe different culture that I have grown?
I also have many friends who were not satisfied with counseling.
I have no idea what to do.
that's why I look for another support.
what if it doesn't work and cost a lot?
very costy here in the US
also varying by the healthcare providers.
I didn't know that the UK has such a good coverage.
can you please explain further about socialized medicine?
I see. That's how South Korea manage healthcare too.
However, the US healthcare system is totally different, so commercialized.
that's why I look for supporters today.
sure thing!
yes, it is so sad even if I have a health insurance from my workplace, but we have to pay from out of pocket, which is ridiculous.
Do you have any other suggestions to resolve my anxiety issue?
I am currently taking, but still not effective.
How large?
I take one of the over the counter products.
I see.
But thanks, I may look up that info.
good to hear!
Thank! I may try higher dose of Vitamin B.
Have a good one!
hello
i'm fine
how are you doing too?
i had a breakup just a year ago and its taking its toll on me
4 years
yes, we were both planning on getting married
i am very saddened by the breakup
close to grief but she is still alive
i saw her last week and it was like a bomb was dropped on me
exactly
very difficult
she looks soo beautiful
i think our problem started when we moved in together
i always felt soo lucky to have her because she is always perfect
i loved her just too much
and the holiday is not helping the matter because i felt soo lonely
really
so you are advising me to go out more and mixed up with people
you are soo kind
i dont know what i think of my self really
i rally dont feel like going anywhere
ok
i will do that
thanks
ok, thats a good idea
thanks, i will check them out
thanks for the show of love
i will do that. thanks
really, and it worked?
i will try that
oh, thanks
thanks for the advice
i will work on it
bye
Hi, I'm Megan. I'm just looking for some help really, I've been feeling down for a while and it's affecting my sleep. I feel tired during the day but cant fall or stay asleep at night.
That would be great, I'd appreciate some tips. Nice to know other people are in the same boat.
I think it's probably been around 6 months, but nothing that I can think triggered it. I have always had some problems with sleeping but it's never been this bad.
That's exactly it, yes.
Okay, I drink a lot of coffee so that's definitely something I'll try.
Okay sure, I work in a desk job so I reckon moving around and getting out could help.
Yeah at the moment I'm on around 6 cups a day so I'll cut it to 5 for a while then go from there. My room is dark, I have black out blinds.
Thanks for the suggestion, sometimes I listen to ASMR on youtube so I'm always looking for new things to listen to whilst falling asleep. I'll go for the free version.
It's relaxing whispering, usually speaking or noises using objects. I find it very relaxing.
I think it helps me (usually), although not enough over the last few months unfortunately.
Your tips have been helpful though I will definitely try to reduce the coffees and walk more. I have talked to my doctor about it but not for a while, maybe I should make an appointment.
I'll try that after this chat, thanks
It's been really helpful, thanks again for your help.
Hello, I am struggling a lot right now
It's about my recent breakup. My girlfriend left me last week. I honestly don't think I can handle the loneliness.
We were together for almost 2 years
I am 24 years old.
It surely is. I definetely feel somewhat worthless now.
Sometimes I have suicidal feelings...
No, I live alone
I have one friend who lives in my neighborhood, but I dont trust him much.
I feel like those are useless to be honest
Yes, I am at my last year of college right now.
No, althought I prefer those than help lines.
What if they make fun of me
I honestly don't feel like expressing my emotions would be of any help. Do they even care lol?
I just want to kill myself already...
She was such an important part of my life... I can't live on without her. She was the only thing that I actually cared for. How can you say my life is important without her?
Well I think I rather not accept it and just end my life. Seems easier.
Hi, how's your day going?
Good to hear, not so much for me.
I am stressed about losing my job due to this pandemic.
Yes, that's correct.
My place just when into a lock down. I feel like small business will be crushed.
Job stability is a big concern for me at the moment.
Yes, indeed I am. If I were to get fired. Finding another job in this crisis would be rough.
Accounting. Low entry, bookkeeper.
No, my manager is very strict. I would not want to anger him. Many people felt his wraith already due to this pandemic.
No, but I've been taking medication for my anxiety.
Good to hear, hopefully it will help me. It's only be a week since I start taking it.
Thanks for the positive vibes.
Hi. Is someone there?
Doing ok. Trying to stay busy with a Youtube channel I just started.
Situation is as described above; have an addiction issue which led to prison time. Trying to get back on track. Youtube channel is to share things I learned about religion as I took a deep dive with the time I had. Sorry, not wanting to share name.
People told me I should become a minister or write a book. The Youtube channel is to share the insights.
America is unforgiving of mistakes initially. But we were a country founded on cast offs from other places.
Assume you are in the States, or no?
Problem is mainly no real source of income and covid-19 hasnt helped with job, or having outside association. On ministry I am of a faith without paid ministry. Hence the Youtube channel to reach out and share at the same time.
Higher power- an AA term. Was in an AA group at prison even though addiction was different.
Yes, I know but still too easy to look at own situation when some are starving. Not an issue I have.
Yes, I believe in Yehovah as God. Some their higher power wasnt a god like entity.
Think we have timed out CHEERS
Thanks for the answers. May god shine upon you and yours.
It's a pretty day, but I'm sad. How are you?
I don't like being blamed for something when I don't feel I did anything wrong. A neighbor's dog attacked my dog and another dog within a week and I reported it to our apartment manager and animal control. She was given the choice to get rid of her dog or move and she decided to move. But my neighbors are mad at me, because they think I overreacted. I guess they liked her more.
Absolutely! You nailed it!
Thank you! That makes me feel better! But, I don't know how to make my neighbors feel that way and I hate being the outcast.
Sounds like we live in the same neighborhood! Ha!
Yep! That's how I feel. What should I do to get back in good graces with them?
I totally agree with you! The woman is disabled and I think most of the neighbors feel sorry for her. I've seen her loose control of the dog before, but she never attacked another dog(s). I've even seem the dog pull her scooter over and the woman needed lots of help to get back into it. I think everyone feels sorry for her.
I've talked to the neighbors face-to-face and they just think that I overreacted. The woman started getting her dog and private training and so they feel that she was trying. My point was that my dog weighs 15 pounds and her dog weighs 45 pounds and, if it happens again, I may not have a dog anymore. I don't want to wait until a dog is killed or badly injured. I told them exactly what you just said, but they are being mean!
I guess I could try talking to them again. Maybe they've cooled off some.
Thank you so much! Those are really good suggestions. I'll do that and, hopefully, they will calm down. If not, I have other friends that live outside my neighborhood. And I can talk to the manager like you said.
I appreciate your help today. And your validation that I did nothing wrong. I was beginning to second guess my actions.
THANK YOU! Take care!
hi
how are you?
Fine thank you
I have problem with my friend.
He is such a negative character, he has shared my sensitive secrets with my girls friend, so that , she became upset, she didn't talk with me.
I don't want to see his face, his name is Thomas.
very true
Now my love relation has in very bad condition. what can I do now.?
yes
So
I already broke up my friendship with him
yes sure, but how?
ok I will try my best.
I hope she will understand
yeah
yes I didn't want to see his face
yes sure, Thank you for your kind words
Hi there, could I ask you for some help?
Well not too great really. I am on furlough from my job because of the lockdown.
It has been happening for most of 2020. I briefly returned to work but now I am furloughed again! What should I do?
I get a certain amount of my salary but it is not enough to pay for all my expenses. Additionally I am feeling really bad about the fact that I can't leave home very often.
I think it is a combination of both but - perhaps mostly the money worries. It would be ironic if we were to be made homeless at a time when we're not legally supposed to be outside for very long!
We can just about scrape by on our mortgage but we were really struggling on other monthly expenses and are worried that some of them might not be paid by the bank.
I have not really thought about reaching out to any of the people that we have to pay because I am afraid that they might not be sympathetic. Do you think it would be a good idea?
I suppose that I probably do not have anything to lose - all that they can say is that they won't help us!
This is very true. It does help to realise that I am not the only person in this position right now!
I have been keeping in touch with friends and family on social media. It is a lifeline but I would still really prefer to be back out there at work!
Do you think that this situation is going to be over anytime soon? It would really make a difference to me to think that it was.
Well yes but the twenties were followed by the Great Depression - I am not sure how encouraging that is :D
This is true - perhaps with the vaccine we can get back to normal sooner than later.
I always wear a mask when I leave the house - it is the sensible thing to do!
Quite! Do people really want to be infected? Does it hurt them so much to wear a mask and socially distance? I can get back to work sooner (and so can we all) if everyone adheres to recommendations.
You have helped me to see that there might be an end in sight to this - thank you very much.
Perhaps things will be better come January ... you never know :)
On that note, thank you so much for cheering me up .. best wishes!
***Sigh***
I am under a lot of stress these days.
It is final's week and I am under a Helluvah lot of stress.
School work is just pounding my brain.
I am taking 5 courses this semester, too.
Yeah. I am glad you are here to help me think things through.
I need to find a solution to my anxiety while I knock out paper after paper.
Well, counselors are hard to get ahold of so close to the Holidays. The so-called teachers are not that helpful.
seniors must figure it out by themselves.....(for the most part).
My roommate is a lunatic.
I just don't know. I am going to try my best to submit every assignment on time, even though the quality prolly won't be 100%.
I am a perfectionist by nature.
I am a bit moody and my roommates have noticed it.
I think that I need to research more to ace this out.
Most so-called professors are snobs and their TA's are worse.
Academia is full of lazy admins and lame teachers. Plus, the student loan costs are atrocious.
It is a rip off for what you get.....
Hopefully, my student loans will be forgiven by President Joe Biden in 2021
My anxiety is from the costs of college as well.
Yeah, but big debts are big debts
Yeah, but do you think I should take a different approach to things?
Or find some other way to release my anxiety?
I am still anxious about the end of school
Yeah, tha is true.
Thank you for taking the time to hear my grief.
"Good Grief."
HELLO
how about you
yeah, i need some
i have broken up with my girlfriend yesterday
yeah, im feeling so bad
i can't handle the loss of her in my life
we have some misunderstanding for a while
she is very aggressive when we talk about that problem
I find that she has an affair with her cousin
yep!!
when we talk about that, she did not accept to leave him
I advised her not to betray me
but she did not honest with me
and finally in an argument she break up with me
but i love her very much even though she left me
I have no idea, what to do now
I tried so
I think so
but i can't tell this to my friends and family
because they also become so sad when they know this
ok, I will tell them about this
yeah thankn you
nope
thank you
Hello
I am doing very bad
I woke up this morning and I felt so sad and upset I cannot shake the feeling and its made me want to do nothing all day
Yeah it just doesnt really feel like that right now
I have so much homework and chores to get done and I just dont have the energy to do it
Yeah im really hoping I can
Im just feeling hopeless right now is all
Hopefully it will all be better soon
Yeah I would love that I just dont have a ton of money right now but maybe I can ask my friend to buy me one for time time being and I could pay her back
Oh thats true maybe I can walk their tomorrow
It would give me something to look forward too
Yeah I completely agree I think going there tomorrow will actually really help
Is there anything else you want to talk about?
Yeah this for sure helped.
Thanks so much
Yeah and I will for sure follow your advice to get a planner
Thanks for the help I guess?
I got an email from my job that they will not extend my contract and I will have to leave the job
I wish but job market is frozen and not enough opportunities right now, so I'm feeling depressed
I could use the time to learn some skills in my trade, but I wish the future wasnt so cloudy
Yes, I can be positive and hopeful for the future because the pandemic is affecting everyone
I do see getting a better job and learning news skills to market myself better, hopefully I can find something soon.
Yes, I have spend a lot of time with my family so that help me from getting depressed. So thats a positive
Hmm that seems like a good idea, to find video to help uplift me. Do you recommend anything?
That seems like a good idea, I think I will do that. thanks for the ideas and positive vibes
It helps a lot, many people are going through this without any support.
But do want to thank you and wish a safe holiday
I am not, this is a very hard time of the year for me.
Thank you for that. I really miss my girlfriend.
We are separated. She said I was watching too much Buzzr and didn't pay enough attention to her, so she dumped me.
We tried to see a counselor. It did go too well, the counselor took her side on everything, it was very unprofessional.
It feels like that way. Even my parents seem to support her more than me. I am all alone now watching a Buzzr marathon with no one to truly support me.
Has this happened to you before?
I am sorry to hear that, I think your boyfriend made a big mistake leaving you, you seem like a very nice and sweet person.
That might be true, she really blew it with me, I am a good catch.
I agree. You know, you are very good at this. Did you end up finding a new boyfriend or husband?
Well that is a good success story! Thank you for the motivation.
Yes I will do that. Thank you for your support.
my boss/ director basically ignores me because I am female in a male domain, I work any time of day or night and I get nothing but grief from him
anyone there
No they are all male and he is the golden child anyway
no corporate
so what is the best thing for me how to handle this
you think I should just quitt?
I have now 10 years in with them, he just became my boss due to a merger
so you think i should at least look for something new ?
I think that might be I would just increase my commute
it makes me sad though to see it come to something like this, you work and do whatever and then you get beat up
there is an HR department maybe i should try talking to them, even though they seem not approachable.
very true I think I will take your advise and see what happens
maybe something good will come out of it
Thanks for your advise
same to you i will do what you said
Hello
I'm alright, thanks
But I am a bit worried about the academic pressure I am facing
I have not done very well in my exams and i'm worried about what my parent's reaction will be when they find out
I agree, thank you for being open to talking to me
Yes, I do, but they have invested a lot in my education
And I feel that I have let them down
Yes, that is exactly how I feel
My parents came from quite a rough background too, and they have sacrificed a lot to get me here
Thank you, I hope so :)
I've had other people say the same, thank you for the recommendation
I'll give it a try tonight
I will definitely try and have a conversation with them (after some meditation, of course!)
Thank you for talking to me over these past 15 or so minutes :)
Hi
I am feeling very low. Negative thoughts are all around me. I am loosing interest in day to day work.
I dont feel like watching tv even. I have no interest
Yes, I dont feel like watching anything.
I am sitting whole day and doing nothing. sometime crying for no reason.
yes, but no one is near by. On phone it is hard.
I live far from my family due to my work.
I don't feel angry. I started crying for no reason .
What should I really want to come out of it. Not able to find what is making me like this. How can I come out of it.
No, That is a great idea. I can do that. Thanks
Hope it will work for me. any other suggestions? Thanks for all your help.
I will try to start that too. I am feeling bit good now. Thanks for all your support.
I believe that I can get over this time in my life but I need support.
My husband has cancer.
I have been really depressed.
So how do you keep going without crying?
How do I find a support group? I live in a rural place.
Ok. How do I not cry in front of him?
Yeah but where do I find them?
It makes it tough because I don't make as much money as he does/
What kind of cancer di your mother have?
Oh he has a 25 percent of remission
Yeah but food I can always get. Its paying the bills.
I know I will snap out of it and get my strength back.
I always bounce back.
Yeah I have been. I am thinking about rewarding myself.
I really appreciate your help.
Thank you I guess I should be going
Same to you bye.
Hey one more thing can I talk too you again?
No another time.
That's ok bye.
i am stressed to the core.
i can't maintain a work - life balance. unable to connect socially.
i feel alone eventhough i am in my home
yes. i am working remotely from home due to this pandemic.
yes.i have. but , its bad that you can't meet them in person or you haven't gone out for a while.
honestly, i am afraid to leave my home. we can't be so sure about our safety. so i am to be happy with the things i have. but the feeling of being left alone and work pressure sucks me more.
i have lot of colleagues and friends. to the best of my knowledge, i don't think that the people who are healthy will die.
you are absolutely right. i just try to divert my mind on entertainment and cooking . my work burden increased to a greater extent.
i can't afford much time .
considering the present situation, its bad for all of us to get socialized.
you are right. may be i should think of more relevant options.
oh well yeah. i should try some new dishes too. happy to receive such kind words. you really are a healer.
may be i should invite my friends too. it sounds nice.
Hi..Iam in severe kind of depression and stress.
Iam married for 7 years and have 2 kids..My partner never liked me and he only used me as a sexual toy .he is abusing me physically and sexually .
I feel like there is some one to share my pain and very badly need a shoulder to cry on.
I want to really go for some therapy to get out of sadness in my life.
i want to be there for my kids who are really a blessing from god.
I love to go back to my parents but they even dont look after me.
They worry about the society more than their own daughter.
I am seeking some emotional help with my depression
Iam a victim of domestic and sexual abuse by my partner.yes,I need some help
Yeah I have two beautiful kids,I just want to be there for them in their life.
Yeah also I am looking for some financial security for my kids future which is possible only with a job..
Yeah Iam looking to go for therapy ,but not able to find a therapist according to my budget.
Those are very helpful ideas..Thank you very much.I will try for sure.
Oh I didnt know that the therapy sessions are that inexpensive.I was in a opinion like they cost me 200 $for each session.
Any opinions that I can consider?
What kind of therapies are useful and beneficial to me in my situation.
Sure..That is very helpful..Can you suggest where to find some online forums to find survivors with my same condition.
I think you are provided me with valuable help and advice..I appreciate it..Thank you..I think I can exit the chat?what do you say?
sure.bye.
Tired, very tired!!
Because I can't sleep... I don't know what's wrong with me I just lay there awake for hours!
Yes please, I'm desperate, I'll try anything!
I have to always get up for work so I am sticking to the same routines, I just lie in bed with so many thoughts racing around my head and I just can't get off to sleep
I did try reading a book last night, but I don't really have lights that I can dim, it's just the one bright light in our room.
Yeah, it's just so annoying and then I'm so tired and irritable the next day, I find myself snapping at everyone.
I could buy a lamp I suppose, to see if it helps? But when I am awake all night it's in the dark so I'm not sure if the light is the problem>
I have been trying to do lots of walks, I need to lose weight as well so they kind of go hand in hand!
I do also have back pain so that's another thing that doesn't help!
Yeah it's a pretty good mattress, but it is a few years old now, I'm not sure how often you're supposed to replace them?
Yeah maybe, at this point it's worth looking into anything that could help!
Not really, I don't really have any friends and my boyfriends a bit weird about stuff like this, I can't really talk to him about things like this.
Yeah maybe, I have been considering a counsellor myself.
And I don't know how to go about finding new ones! I don't think I'm someone people like to be friends with, I try to make friends but they always move on.
Sounds interesting, I'll have to look it up!
That's true, maybe they weren't meant to be my friends. Anyway, thank you so much for your help but I have to shoot off.
Thank you for your support :-)
I lost my job recently that's why I'm very sad.
I'm very sad about my situation
I'm very sad because in this coronavirus situation its very difficult to get new job
because of this coronavirus situation
yes i now its very difficult time for everyone
Now I'm looking for new job
Now I'm waiting for to when government will opening all business
Thanks, Yes i will hope i can come from this situation
yes I'm taking some trainings online
Yes I have hope and i'm thinking positive
Thanks for giving me support
I'm still struggling to get new job that's why I'm sad
yes its very difficult time i know, Thanks for your support
good to having you
Thanks
I am worried about the security of my job in this economic climate
I am a gig worker paid by the job and recently I have not had as many gigs as normal.
I have put a lot of effort to get to my position. I do not know where to begin in a new position.
Yes, I guess these are helpful qualities. I just don't know if I can find another gig to fit my schedule that I am excited about doing
Unfortunately I have been so focused on my current position I have no network to speak of. I am alone in my new search.
Online teaching. I have developed a strong foundation with the company I work for, unfortunately they are actually doing less business at this time
Yes, I guess there ar emany opportunities that might work. Thank you for your help.
I appreciate your help.
I will take a look at what my options are.
Have a nice day.
Hey
not good
I have been feeling really depressed lately
Thank you and I am really stressed out with college and I really don't have a job so it is causing me stress as I college is difficult as it is now I don't have a job as well
only sport seems to make me happy but the pandemic is not helping me with that
Yes but it didn't work out as most jobs need job experience and I only have a small amount of that
It's hard to get a job these days, I was thinking of doing entrepreneurs work
But now i guess I have to get through school first before I think about that
Yeah, thats a good idea, but i don't think I will do well because school is also stressing me out a lot
Yeah. thanks i hope I can and I will try and I do enjoy the college course I do but it is very hard
I will try though thank you
But im not good enough to actually go professional in sport
ok i will, anyway thanks for the help, now i feel much better :)
Yes
hi
fine what about you
nice currently what doing
Yes, i'm stressed but my pets are given relaxation for me. do you have a pet ?
Relaxation and play do my pets
I'm pet lover like mostly Dog. I'm having Husky
Yes
I'm fight with my friends some bad conversation started in between
Yes. Some movie talks going on starts with and then going to personal think touch my ego
again going to talk normal only but my mind is not support to talk
yes nice conversation to you very nice to talk to you
Hey. It's the middle of the day where I am located and I'm well thanks. I have the day off work today.
I have no local close friends, they all live overseas. With the holiday season it gets lonely as there's no one in my city to celebrate Christmas with
Yeah I do
How did you meet them online?
I feel like I would struggle to establish a connection with someone over the phone. There are no restrictions in my city at the moment so I would really like to meet some people face to face
Sadly most people here spend Christmas with their families and are quite private about not inviting outsiders. Last year I spent it with a friend but he is going to his family this year
I can find out about churches, I have no idea
Yeah I'll give that a go
Thanks for listening and for your suggestions
Yeah I do enjoy my alone time, just not around the holidays haha
Thanks and have a good night!
Hi there
Not bad but I'm just getting fed up with work. working for a big corporate just bored me to tears. It's all I know and I feel trapped like I can't escape. I don't want this to be my life for ever!
I think it's all the politics of working in an office, the endless meetings and the people trying to get one over on each other. I find it draining.
Have you had a similar experience?
It does indeed, actually it's like you work in my office. I'm just fearful that if I try something new I won't be able to support myself financially, do you know what I mean?
That is a very good question. I hadn't thought about it like that. I think I want to try something new and you have helped me realise this. I don't think I actually want to be happier in my current position. The question is how should I approach it?
I think maybe consider what I actually enjoy and how could I make that profitable.
I think maybe I could do something on the side while I'm still working until I'm sure of what I want to so. Finding time with a family and a full time job is hard though. That's why so many people get trapped.
Do you think it's even possible?
At least that's positive. I need to do something about this because I think it's starting to affect my mental health!
That's true actually. Yes that's how I feel right now. You get it. It's like I'm part of a meaningless machine. I think I'm definitely going to do something about it now.
Thanks for your input today it has helped
I think that should definitely be a priority. Does this actually add meaning? You too and take care
Not too great, honestly.
I am struggling to keep up with all of the assignments in my classes and I am anxious that I am going to fail some of them.
It really is hard to manage
Three of them were required for majors in my year, unfortunately.
I have a couple friends in the same classes but there is so much material it is hard to find any time to get together.
That sounds like a great idea but I am not sure if they will have any sympathy for me.
You're right. I guess it would be worth the time and effort to at least ask. That is probably better than just suffering.
I don't really have much of a support system. I really am just trying to self motivate.
Thank you.
I hope so too.
Thanks for talking with me.
You are absolutely right.
Thanks again! Bye.
Hi there
And to you
You doing alright?
That sounds like a cozy scene :)
I'm okay, but slightly worried about next year. My job is sort of tenuous and I have about a month to find a new role.
No, nothing much. Same as always, on and off work, having a meal with the girlfriend, that sort. (It would help if this system shows us if one of us is typing..)
Ah fair, that's good to know
Yes, still it doesn't quite help that no matter how many CVs you submit, hit rates for jobs just don't go up.
I get what you mean about other lines of work. I'm trained as an academic research associate and had to spend a few months last year working in an Amazon warehouse. I feel like I've wasted enough time outside of aimed-for career to go back to doing manual labour.
*this year even..
No, completely unrelated jobs. It was more of a "really need a job right now" situation, and they were hiring quite unassumingly.
Are you working in such a role? I doubt my qualifications translate THAT well haha
I do like that idea. I might actually go and give that a shot and see what happens.
True, but a lot of no's can take a toll on one's psyche
Sure, let's call it here.
Have a good christmas.
Hello, it's nice to meet you.
Honestly, I've been feeling very depressed lately. My dog died a month ago and I've just been feeling very empty.
7 years. I had him since he was a puppy. He would have turned 8 years old next month.
Thank you. One of my coworkers told me that "he was just a dog and that I should get over it," but I just can't. He brought so much joy to my life and now that I don't have him anymore, I just feel so empty.
Well, my coworker lost his mother to COVID so I guess he is going through some tough times too.
I have been trying to get out of my slump. I even thought about getting a new dog, but that just brings up sad memories. What do you think I should do?
That actually sounds like a good idea. I hope the shelter near me will take volunteers with COVID and all.
That's a great idea. I would love to get involved in anything related to pets. They need a loving home, especially during times like these.
Thank you for suggesting that.
No, I'll try following the advice you suggested. Hopefully, that'll help me get out of my slump.
I may even meet another dog that way too
Thank you again
It says you need to send more messages?
Nope, I just had Rex.
My mom had a cat though, but I was never a fan of the cat. I just bonded with Rex naturally.
Hi!
What suggestions do you have for unruly kids who argue when their parent need quiet in their respective offices because we work at home?
Yelling does not work.
I'm thinking of taking away devices, but then Corona is still here. I feel that is very mean considering they are already stressed being in doors.
Talking is great when we are doing it and they all agree. But it never stays this way.
I almost feel like crying.
I hear you but....
I feel that is abusive when I know how bad they are being affected psychologically. I actually feel like just locking them in their rooms until we get done working. Kind of like being grounded....
I will try to talk with them again. I know I will probably be tearful which I know bothers them.
Maybe they will react to that...
I'm so glad the vaccine is here \
Thats a better idea....
I appreciate your support and maybe I will take them to the park where we all play family games but just with us four. They really love to do that. I think that they want attention from us more because we are right here.
Or maybe we'll have a picnic together.
It has been awhile since we have done something outside of the house together.
I feel it is like pent up frustration. They were very very busy before Corona
Do you have kids?
They are SUPER happy today of course. Luckily they have received the same amount of presents they get any other Christmas because our income has stayed the same. These kids do not know how lucky they are right now. Maybe I can stress that to them a well. They need to know they have a lot to be grateful for.
Thanks for your ear and your help! I hope you have an awesome christmas and please stay safe!
So im struggling to figure things out in my life. I feel lost and im not sure if its just the depression or if its more.
Im hanging in there. Thanks for asking. How are you?
Nothing specifically. My life is very good i just happen to always become depressed, unmotivated and sad most the time. It creates issues in all aspects from friendships to my relationship and even my personal and professional life.
Im seeking mental health therapy as well as focusing on a number of other things ranging from sleep, diet, communication, social life and numerous things but happen to always feel the same way. Do you have any input?
It is a good idea and provides some insight on things that maybe i havent thought about before. Have you ever experienced depression thats lasted for long periods at a time?
Ive found that exercise and diet helps greatly. But even then i still suffer. So your depression was situational?
Well in your case you mentioned it occurred because you couldnt find a job. Isnt that situational depression?
But in my case everything around me is better than the average but even so i still become depressed frequently and unmotivated. Ive tried medication and every type of treatment. I feel like there isnt much of a cure. Seems to be treatment resistant.
Thanks and maybe so. Ive tried many but i suppose maybe focusing on specific ones might do.
Do you think support groups could be beneficial?
Or do you have any resources for such?
Any resources on where to find a good group?
Okay ill check those out. I really appreciate your help and information. I hope you have a wonderful day
bye
Hello
Is there anyone online
Im trying to get a little advise about a situation that has me down.
Are you having some issues responding because I didnt hear from you until almost 3mins into the chat
Im having some issues with friendships. It has me down. The other day I had called a couple of friends to go have lunch together since we havent seen each other in a while and everyone said No due to covid
But today I called another friend and everybody were out together but didnt include me
No they just said they just thought I was busy and couldn't attend
so im bitter sad about the situation and don't how to address it
I was actually thinking about that just wasn't sure about it
I really thought we were better than this but I guess not
Im needing to bring some new people in my life.
Im going to do observing of myself and think so over but thank you for your advice,
Some observing of myself and think this over
Thanks will do have a good day
Thank you again
The struggle is real my kids act as if they dont hear me which causes me to become overwhelmed and loud then they dont wanna listen anymore. I am well today and you/
I am loking for ways to communiate better specifically with my 5 year old son. well i always get yelling as a response which is what i cant seem to break as soon as my son gets mad he screams and calls for me no mater where i am or where he is
I don't wanna yell i wanna get my points across. I also homeschool them all so i am mom teacher and bas guy
bad guy
yes i can not have that become the normal. I want to feel proud of their beviors they need to learn manners which i think is someting they really missed out on in public schools. the need to conform wouldve taught them manners without them even noticing. So far i try to keep myslef calm and communicate simply i still get screams back and i just try to make him ty again with a nice voice and tell him i am here to help if he can talk to me
Do you have kids? what do you suggest? somedays I feel like I am in a mad house.
i am trying but i was not raised with the best habits so teaching myself and my kids to be good and consotant has been a challenge
no i thnk they wouldve learned why not to yell at peopel if they went to public school
they are homeschooled with me, my daigther went to preschool briefly but that was it
darn parents, lol
i do hope they learn to be kind and strive to learn and be smart. games and devices have also become somewhat of the enemy, and savior somedays
good plan, learn before you have your own, thats what my plan was, i was supposed to have life figured out before they got here
but ya know they have been the best teachers this far in my life
good tips i will try to do that more and talk to them like adults
i try not to engage in harmful destructive communication yes that is important, i am so emotional it is hard to stay calm when i am not liking what's happening
well me hopefully lol
thanks i guess i make it sound ok, i am ok they are good kids at the core thewy kjust need to work on not freaking out
yes it can i get loud too much and my mom always yelled i hated it and told myself I hated it growing up
what is it
i must know lol
any and all advice taken here
interesting is she implying having a big reaction to a small feeling is unnessacary?
thats wise i must sit with that for a bit and at least talk about their feelings more i bet if i help my kids to feel more validated they will feel heard better and maybe not yell
i would fall over if my kids said that to me, lol, that would be an improvement to say the least
wow is she a therapist/
thanks a lot random stranger, lol, no offense, it is just so random where we find support righ t lol
i am thankful for all the advice
your two sense has helped thanks alot, i gonna go talk to my son now while this is fresh on my mind have a good day
thanks my name is kaleigh
whats your stranger
nice to meet you and have a good one
HI
Anyone there?
Hello?
Is anyone there?
Yes, it's a weird story. I am feeling very sad about it.
I think that the person just changed over time. We grew apart.
My boyfriend just stopped communicating with me. It's like he lost interest in me and moved on.
Breakups are the worse around the holidays. It was around Thanksgiving last year. Have you ever been through a breakup during the holidays?
I tried to call, text, and email him but he never responded. I just accepted it as he just moved on, and I had to do the same.
I am sorry to hear about your girlfriend. That must have been hard to experience your breakup on your birthday.
No, he just totally cut off all communication. I don't know whether or not he is safe or anything.
We never went out on a date or anything. It was just strictly communicating my phone, text, and email. It was kind of weird, like he was hiding something. I don't know about any of his friends or family. He does not have any social media accounts.
It was more of a long distance relationship. It is far to love from a distance though.
It is hard to love from a distance-- sorry.
Yes. It was nice talking to you. I am about to sign off. Have a great day!
I am getting depressed staying at home . i have not worked in 4 years
i dont have any friends or family here
i have chronic pain issues and i am on disabilty
how can you help me
I got injured at work. as my hand got trapped in a machine
will working make me feel better
i dont have a pet. but i would love to get a cat
so should i not go back to work
I would really like ti know more about this
I get really bad headaches and a wrist injury so i cant go back to work
i would love to know more about a shelter
Hi, I'm doing alright I suppose
how about yourself?
Yeah, the anxiety of being trapped in my apartment has kind of gotten to me but I am doing the best I can to keep myself occupied
Just really wanted somebody to talk to I suppose
Playing video games mostly, I try to exercise everyday and cook meals at home as oppose to eating out.
Not really, but my mother and sister live close by
I visit them almost every other day and I have a couple of friends who swing by now and again
Yeah, I dealt with my heavy drinking and drug use problems at the beginning of the pandemic
Just really lonely, lost my job financial woes
Hello how are you?
Not so well as per my message previously.
Well I was having a pretty crappy day to start
Had a bad run in with this lady and it just put me in a really bad mood for the day
I was walking with my family, minding our business and this lady felt like she was above everything else and didn't have to move. So I stood my ground and she got upset and called me a female dog and a racial slur.
OMG, yes it was and yes, see she was on a bike and it was enough space on the boardwalk where we live. So after she said that, I immediately got angry and chased her down on foot, while she peddled on the bike. I couldn't catch her and the Lord made sure I didn't.
LOL, I really hope so too!!
You're right but I hope because after all of that crap, I got a text from my friend telling me off. Like I already to a figurative kick to the face, now this low blow
took*
Yea, I feel like this whole year is just bringing out the worst in people
Yea, and staying inside lol
Hi, just needed some support for an issue
Sure, that would be fine. Can I ask first how you're doing today?
That's good. The issue that I'm having is that I can't find a job/path in life, feels like I'm really struggling all the time
Yeah that's correct
Yeah, tell me about it, it can be a real headache to say the least
Yeah, exactly. Do you have any suggestions that could help with this? Seems like I'm going in circles
No I haven't reached out to anyone besides family, but that might be a good idea, getting a professional to help me out with some options
Yeah, I do most of my searching online, but maybe it's where I've been going that hasn't been helping much. Do you have any suggested websites or apps I could try out?
That's a good idea, yeah I think I really need more options out there. But I do like your idea of talking to a professional or career counselor, maybe they'll be able to help me in more ways than I can help myself. I'm definitely going to try that!
No, that's all right. Thanks for the suggestions, you've been really helpful, I'm going to try some of those out!
thanks again! bye!
Hi
Doing well. How are you?
I am depressed staying home due to COVID.
Absolutely... can't wait until its over !!
I just want to go to my favorite bar and have a drink...
Do you have any other suggestion?
I am person who wants to go to work not working from home.
So, I would be happy to get back to the office and see the other co-workers.
Do you have any suggestion for me?
That's true.
Do you think this will be over soon?
That is an excellent suggestion. Thank you.
I hope so. Do you think we would get the vaccine soon?
Yes, buying something in advance might provide some savings..
Thanks for the suggestion.
Doing well. How are you?
Have you experienced your partner cheating on you?
Really?
What happened?
After 18 months of trying, my marriage ended in divorce.
How old are your children? It seem the children have it the hardest.
It has been 2 years ago for me, and I feel soooo much better now.
Two, wow! That is young.
How often do you see your daughter?
I have split custody, and have my son live with me every other week.
Yes, my ex and I both have to live in the same city for school for our son.
He is 14 now, and will be able to drive to school in another year.
For 18 months, it was the lowest point in my life. Now, looking back on it, I believe it was the right thing to do.
I would never trust her again. Onward and upward now!
Yes, not sure if I will ever be married again.
I wish you the best. Keep your head up and look to the future. Bye.
Make sure you seek a couselor if needed. I had to go for 6 months to get my head straight.
Good morning
Not too bad just wanted to talk with you about my alcohol addiction if you don't mind.
The thing is I am drinking beer almost every day since I started to work from home. And with weather so nice in upcoming weeks I can't see myself stop drinking.
At least 4 pints. A lot of money goes on drinks as well.
Yes, that's right. And I know I should stop but I just got addicted.
Thank you for understanding
I think I am not quite confident in going somewhere in person. I don't want other people to see my addiction problem
To be fair I am scared also to go such places. If somebody from work will see me I would get in real trouble as I am working from home and drinking.
I am in UK.
Maybe you know some online courses you are aware of?
Oh that's great I will try then. Do you know if there are any fees?
What do you mean by a sponsor?
Alright, Don't know if I need one yet. Will see eventually how it goes in AA.
Thank you very much for you help. Now I know what I have to do. All the best to you.
Thank you, bye :)
I am not doing well. I am very worried about my son's chances of recovery after so many relapses and frustrated because I know there is really nothing I can do to change things for him.
I am. He is a different person when he's not on drugs but when he is using he can get really mean and he scares me.
I try not to think about the situation, because I don't see him since he lives in another state. But I can't get everything out of my mind. And yes I have my husband to talk to, that helps some. It's when I'm trying to sleep or when my husband isn't home that's the worst for me.
It does help but he's as frustrated and upset as I am. I can't sleep at night for dwelling on everything and I don't know how to stop the thoughts about all the terrible things that could happen.
When I'm upset about something I cannot sleep but if I'm in a good state of mind I sleep well.
Yes I've been dealing with my son's addiction and recovery and relapses for the last three years.
I am realizing that more every day. If it wasn't my son and just a good friend I would probably end the relationship but a mother can't do that to her own children, you know what I mean?
And you are so right. I can't change or control him, I can only change and control myself and my responses to him. That is so difficult to do.
Not really. Most of my friends haven't dealt with that so they don't really understand what I am going through, or even what my son is going through. But you're right, I have to learn to let go and let him fix his own problems with no intereference from me.
Thank you, I will try that. Like a journal maybe?
Thank you so much! I appreciate what you do!
Good afternoon. Hope you are surviving he virus
I am just looking for a friend to chat with.
Just feeling lonely.
The virus has stopped people from meeting. What about you?
I don't know if life will ever be normal again.
I currently live in a place that is totally lonely. It is not because of the virus but just because people aren't able to reach out or there are no viable places to meet and greet.
The freedoms are still there but the fear of getting the virus stops people from normal life.
Currently I live in a hotel getting ready to travel to another state. What about you?
No for personal reasons. I just find the disparity between wearing the mask in some states is not as demanding s others. Here the masks do not seem to be mandatory, but 100 miles and it is necessary.
I think we are in a long period of recovery because the country has too many laws in different states that are causing demands on the health system.
Too much politics behand the virus and helping the people.
Florida is mandatory, but Georgia is lacks. Tennessee is mandatory but other states are not as caring.
No except at WalMart
Georgia has a high virus rate, yet no mandatory masks.
There is no mandatory requirement for the mask, especially at the convenient stores.
You walk in and the employees don't even wear them. The screens aren't going to stop the spread.
I wear mine for my own protection. What about you?
I have to travel to Virginia soon and I want to arrive clean
I am only traveling now because of issues otherwise I would be in FLorida
I miss the bneaches
I understand for protecting others, but when the people around you ignore the virus and refuse a mask, they aren't concerned about you.
What part of Florida. I was near Stuart and Jensen Beaches.
Masks are mandatory otherwise no entry at the stores
I care about others, but what good is it if they ignore your health.
Hey glad yo chat. Catch you later.
Good evening! I am good
I am not happy now I need a job
You are very correct, the situation now are very bad I need a job seriously
Yes if I can see one now I will be happy.
It has not knocked my self confidence but its affecting my family right now because I need a job to help my family out
Sorry friend! This pandemic really affect every body
You are very correct! I know very soon every thing will be ok.
By God grace I also hope so, Next year will be better.
I will if it is proof by government that is ok to take
Thanks friend 2021 will fruitful for us all
Nice talking to you goodbye.
ok thanks
Hello
I am having a lot of anxiety about quitting my current job. It is too stressful but pays well
I have to deal with many people in hard financial situations and it is upsetting
I do, but often they are not going to get back to what they want. Many people are going to lose their home when safeguards are lifted
That is true but sometimes I feel like I should put my feelings and health first
Probably not. I was with the same company for a long time and I consistently get a bonus every year
I could try. It mostly gets to me at the end of the day
That is also true. Sometimes I wonder if it really is for me though
That is true. Maybe I just need to sit down and really think about it
It really is a big decision
Thank you for the different perspective
That is true. Thanks again
Bye
Hello
I am not doing well. I am feeling very depressed due to work load and current household situation
Yes, due to COVID life is messed up. Work load has increase and more responsibility of household.
Due to the furlough Company has increased my my work load three times. I am not able to take rest. Getting depressed everday.
They are paying me well but It is hard to take the load beside I have family and kids responsibility. I don't have time for them.
I can understand that. But my job is really important right now as my partner lost his in COVID. and he is not doing anything right now not even helping at home. It makes me more low and it is hard to take care of 3 younger kids who are staying at home full time.
Nowadays he is so frustrated doesn't like to talk even. Whenever I bring household responsibilities or kids topic, he gets frustrated.
Nobody lives near by. Kids are to young to understand. I felt bit good after talking to you. Thanks
Talking to you made me feel good. Thanks for listening to me. I am feeling light now. You are agreat help. Thank you so much
Hope all will come back on place soon
Hope so. Byee take care
not doing good as I am stressed pretty badly due to the fact that I have been unemployed and can't find a job.
Yep, the pandemic isn't helping things either.
I know as its bad all over the country. Luckily, I am able to make a little money doing surveys on MTurk.
Yes, but online seems to be hit and miss as there are scams out there right now too.
Yes, I am as I have over 15 years of warehouse experience as well as forklift experience.
I would like to getting back into the warehousing or forklift operator field.
Yes as I am getting behind on bills and its Christmas time so that makes it even tougher when I feel that I am letting my family down by not working currently.
It's tough not to as underneath the tree, there isn't much.
I have but they are strapped at this time and really don't have much to help with currently
No worries...as I understand.
I am waiting for some help currently
Yes, it is a hit to the mindset, that's for sure.
I have talked to charities, gotten together with my church pastor...
True, there is no shame but it is emotionally hard to deal with.
They are...and thank you for your concern as well.
Not really, although I do talk to my family about this matter.
It has been and I hope and pray that 2021 is better for us all.
You have...thanks for the chat...take care and God Bless....thank you...
Feeling blue in my situation
Not sure when the situation of job searching would be improved
I have applied every week but haven't have a single response.
Sometimes I don't even think the job postings online are even real
And the pandemic has shifted the markets a lot and i don't think my skills are relevent anymore
Thanks for listening and your kind encouragement
I was in physical retail before
But now and even after the pandemic will all shift to ecommerce
I am not sure if I can acquire new skills
My sister works for Amazon and tried to put me forward twice but just no luck.
I tried to stay hopeful.
how about you? why did you pick to be a supporter?
You are very nice by the way.
Yes, I used coursea and also learning French.
Yes, the Duolingo app is quite good.
I worked for a French company for 8 years, just never really get to pick up until now I am unemployed.
Thats a good suggestion, I can't really hold a conversation in French yet. But when I do, I would put that into my skillset. I don't want to fake any skills
I know a lot of people do and basically AI are screening all the resume which I don't think I did a very good job in catering to that. But integrity is very important to me.
I am also close to L&D, HR.
I am thinking may be I should learn an loan or real estate licenses
Thats wonderful to hear for your great experience. I do use LinkedIn but not much on job applications.
Did you pay for the premium package on LinkedIn?
I didn't want to pay for it either especially I did the trial before and didn't make too much of a difference
Great advice, I am a bit shy to do that. I usually only just reach out if the job listed a HR person contact
But so far I haven't get any reply from these people. Perhaps they got a lot of messages.
Yes, I signed up for that too but it was so difficult, most expect you have already earned the "qualifications" in points in order to bind for the job.
Yes, will have to stay hopeful. Super nice talking to you. Wishing you a wonderful holiday.
Thanks again.
Hello. I will be losing my job in January. I am very worried (1)
The company just has to make cut backs and a lot of us are being furloughed. (2)
It is so hard to even contemplate finding a new job in this economy. (3)
Yes, it has me very worried. I have bills and kids and a husband - I need a job. (4)
I've tried to get in touch with the unemployment office, but they are not answering the phones there I guess (5)
Ours does not even appear to be open. I thought they would be able to provide some help. (6)
No I need to do both of those things. I have not needed a resume for over 10 years (7)
Yes I will have to look into the new ways people do them now. I'm sure things have changed (8)
I thought about that but then worried we'd be looking for the same jobs and they may not want to share tips (9)
That's something else I'm not good at - networking! I feel like I need a class in how to get a job these days. (10)
Not so great today to be honest, have been trying to think of things I can do to make my life having meaning but I am struggling
I just feel so sad all the time, I don't know how to snap out of it
No, there doesn't seem to be any real reason, it's just a general feeling. I think that's why I'm finding it so hard to understand what to do to make myself feel better
I guess maybe having something to do in my spare time, I used to go to the gym a lot but now I don't. Maybe I should try doing some exercise in the evenings
Yeah maybe. I think that's part of the problem, I have no goals, I feel like my life has no real purpose or meaning.
I do... I luckily live quite close to a nice cycle path that is surrounded by fields and woods
Yeah maybe, I'm not very good at running though, I do worry if I find it hard I will feel like I've failed and then won't want to do it again
Yeah that's true. I do tend to go straight for the most difficult option sometimes! A walk is probably a nice thing to do, especially now the flowers are all starting to come out
Yeah, I do like being outside. Sometimes I can go days without leaving the house so it will probably help to go outside
I don't, it's not something I have ever tried. Do you think it might help?
Maybe I'll give that a try this evening, see if it can help calm me before bed
No I think I have a lot to think about for now, thank you for your help. I think I will try meditating and go for a nice long walk!
good thanks. you?
Oh well, it is a xmas time
I like cold weather
well i have a small traumatic experience
my friend was crazy
she tried to
she texted me every morning and started sharing what happened to her. she tried to make me break up with my ex
She kept telling lies, something that does not exists
most things she tells is lie
she creates stories
One day I took her to my friends party and
thank you
One of them said " is she really your friend" " I don't think she is telling truth"
it is really scary to have a friend like her
good point.
I think she told me how she grew up and such but I think that is a lie as well
So it is hard for me to tell what is the underlying cause
I think it is a kind of personality problem
I agree yes
Well I no longer hang with her so that is good
I am good, it was good to talk about it
thanks for your advice
:) I am glad you think so too
you too
Hi, I'm stressed and anxious today
Just financial problems
I'm attempting to sue money and pay off my debts and hopefully everything will get sorted out
save*
Yes
My mom has helped loan me money to pay bills that are about to be cut off. Just a small bit though. It has helped a lot though
It has for sure. Another thing that's bothered me is my dad passed away 3-almost 4 years ago. He was my rock and would help me out in any situation.
So in hard times like I'm in right now, if he was still here I know he would help me.
Yes exactly, thank you :)
Yes, I am working right now. Thankfully it is secure and pays alright. My boyfriend lives with me and does side work. So he helps when he can.
Yes, that's another reason Im on MTurk. Trying to make some extra! I wish I could find a part time job working from home.
I did work for the Census but its ended
I appreciate it! Thank you, its always nice to talk to someone.
HI
I'm doing good, hbu?
Work is becoming a burden. I've just graduated college and my first ever job is stressful!
Everyone I've reached out to has said the same. There are several factors that make my job stressful. The biggest issues are working from home and unrealistic deadlines.
It has been very hard in general, training has been a nightmare! I've tried to develop some coping strategies but they seem to fly out the window when i'm really stressed. I tend to over eat in these situations aswell.
Haha you're a good rando. I would love to have someone to be a guide in my career but most of my family are blue collar workers. Whenever I vent they think its a joke because my job is cushy and pays extremely well. I'm honestly the snowflake in the family.
You definitely given me some food for thought, I didn't think this would go so well lol
Makes me feel a little less lonely today :)
omg don't make me cry, I'm tearing up rn. I just want to thank you for the tips!
Thank you so much! Maybe our paths will cross again on Mturk.
Have a goodnight/day where ever you are!
Boston, MA signing off :)
I'm hanging in there. I'm in a funk.
I split with my girlfriend after 5 years together last month/
I caught her cheating on me.
I'm trying to just move on but I feel so insulted. I'm mad then sad back and forth, over and over.
Yes, but my whole life was upended. My living situation, my friend circle is broken up over this. I don't know how to move on. Any suggestions?
No, but those sound like the typical stages of grief. I guess I'm in anger. I have no interest in barbagining.
I think I need to focus on exercise. Just get my body and mind healthy and full of energy. What do you think?
True, but it's hard not to dwell. It's not like I have a choice. It overcomes me.
It's hard not to just drown myself in booze and cannabis.
Time heals all wounds for sure
Are you Ai or a human mturker?
OH cool. Well your prayer came true. I'm, also a human....from Georgia
Thanks so much!!! I really appreciate it! :)
You are very kind! All the best!! Take care!
Hello. Thank you for listening to my disunion.
situation
i am okay but i am stressed about this
i got a low pass grade in my college geology class this semester and worry about how this will affect my law school application when i apply
yes i am. do you think it will be ok and what should i do
i cant because the semester is over the and the grades are final. i reached out before about that but she said no
thank you i appreciate it. i have a fairly high gpa still i have a 3.7 out of 4 but this looks so bad on my transcript lol
that is a very good idea. im just not sure what law school yet bc im going to apply to a lot , im a sophomore so its somewhat far away but not that far away
thank u sm!! u rock
ya i can but i dont need to bc its unrelated to my majors
also hows ur life do u have any stress i can help u talk over
true i will schedule a meeting with my counselor
true God is good
hows the pandemic treating u
i feel that its miserable but we have to make due just praying i dont get it
its been 15 min, it was great talking to u today thank u for giving me a plan of action it made me feel much better
i agree. u have a blessed day
oops i was looking at the accept HIT timer instead ur right
also whats the bonus for this i forgot lol sorry
omg im so sorry, but yes thank you sooo much i will def use that. merry christmas and may God bless you and your family
Hi, how are you?
I'm okay, just a little stressed
I'm just having a hard time dealing with hurtful things people have said to me. I feel no self-worth.
Are you there?
I did not receive it, I'm sorry
I can't unfortunately. No one involved in the case may speak to each other.
Yes, it has been difficult and I feel very alone.
Thank you for listening
Thank you!
I hope you have a great rest of your day :)
Thank you, that's very encouraging
Hi
I am unable to focus on my studies due to stress. I am afraid that I am gonna fail.
yes, due to stress and anxiety it is hard to concentrate.
I can't sleep at night and having bad dreams that I will fail in my exams or I am unable to answer questions.
So what you did? how you came out of it?
That is a great idea but due to COVID it could be risky to meet up daily and library is closed where I live.
That's what I can do. Thanks! It might make me feel better. What else can I do to control my anxiety?
Thank you so much for all your suggestion. Hope it will help me
Is there any specific exercise?
Thank you so much. I am feeling motivated now . I will try to start it tomorrow onwards.
I think that's enough to start with. Hope it will work out. Thanks for all your help. byee
Hello
Are you able to see my situation I typed?
Is there someone there?
Just having problems with some friends. I feel like I am being left out.
They leave me out of planned outings from time to time. They also do not seem to care if I come or go when I am invited
I have not
Okay, I may try that. What do you think I should do if they are negatively receptive of it?
Yeah, I don't want it to come off as an attack on my end. Maybe I should wait, see if the issue occurs continuously, note that it has been observed on multiple occasions, and then stand my ground?
Yes, but I feel like I need proof, you know? Like how you previously said, to make sure I am not in the wrong
That's true!
Okay makes sense
Then, I can ask like, was there a reason why I was not invited on this instance? Did I do anything to offend, etc
That is good advice. What is your advice if I still come out of the situation negatively (e.g. the friends do not seem to care about the friendship?)
Hi
Not the best. I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19 (tested positive), so I am getting cabin fever.
I am starting to get an aversion to holidays. When I was in college, my father was dying, and Thanksgiving was the last meal he ate at the family table... Christmas was the last time he ate solid food, and he died on the day after Epiphany
So I have come to associate Thanksgiving through January as a time of loss.
This month has driven it home more, because I have had six people die this month. It's starting to bring on flashbacks.
No, my family all moved from the area. The nearest is now half a country away and hasn't spoken to me in over ten years.
It's been... interesting.
Ahhh... I hate to be that guy, but I really don't have that many friends. I have a couple people at my church who have checked in, but I wouldn't go so far as to call them friends (we don't hang out, I don't get invited over...)
I was in college. He died slowly and painfully. It was really unpleasant.
And he was a brilliant man. I could only wish to be half of what he was.
I don't even have contact information for them anymore. The last known phone numbers have been disconnected and the last time I sent mail, it was returned for wrong address, no forwarding information known.
I think they forgot about me.
The only one I still have contact with is my mother.
I avoid comparing myself to others. I usually come out on the bad side of it.
I talk to her regularly. She is okay, but I fear she is reaching the age where I know I won't have her much longer.
I'm just thankful I have had her this long
That I do. While I will never have the skills my father had technically, I am thankful that I did get his ability to be analytical and his compassion for others.
Absolutely. I still remember him teaching me things that I use to this day. I still smile when I think of one time when he first became ill and couldn't get out of bed...
there was a project he wanted to do and it bothered him that it had not gotten done. Well, I was able to do it, because he had taught me enough to know what to do.
The look of pride in his face was priceless.
The one thing I carry on because of him is my love for my church. He was on the church vestry (governing board). I am on my church worship team.
I actually made church history, because I sing with the praise team (some churches call that a choir), but I sing many of the songs in American Sign Language.
I am the first signing member of the church.
2021 will be the 50 year anniversary of our congregation.
I joined just over ten years ago.
My church is my anchor.
My pastor is wonderful. He is like the little brother I didn't have but always wanted.
My favorite story about signing in the church is how it began... I had asked to do it and had been shot down cold six times. Well, I laugh now, but at the time I was angry.
If you mean me, I'm male.
But the last time I was told I could not sign for the church, I told the elder who said no that God was going to give him a sign.
Well, God delivered on the promise quickly. That same who morning we had a family visit who were on a road trip. They just were passing through but wanted to go to church while travelling.
They had a little girl about 6 or 7 years old who was Deaf. She saw me sitting in the back of the sanctuary signing the lyrics to the songs, and praying in Sign. Her face lit up and she started signing too.
At the end of the service, she found me and gave me a big hug around my legs and then looked up and said "I always wanted to go to a church where someone knew MY language!"
From that point on, there was no problem with me signing in church.
I think He placed her there for me, also. It was a mutual deal.
There is no one in my congregation at the moment who signs, but I keep hoping for the future.
No. That mission has been placed on my heart.
Well... I should be going, but thank you for taking the time to chat.
You definitely were. I am feeling better than I have in about a mo nth. I appreciate that.
God put you here tonight for a reason
Of this I have no doubt.
I am actually in the process of studying catechism with my pastor, and plan to be re-confirmed.
I was confirmed in a different denomination as a child, but I learned nothing. One day I realized that I have no knowledge of the faith, and that did not sit well with me.
So I am changing that and not just paying lip service to Jesus, but actively seeking Him.
Absolutely.
I was not always. I drifted a few years back. My church family gave me a gift and sent me to a religious retreat at a resort owned by my church denomination. It was there and in that moment that I came back to God.
I try to go each year, as it's an annual retreat. I missed this year because of COVID, but hoping for next year. I was going to take a friend from out of state. He couldn't attend due to the pandemic. But if all goes well, next year will be different.
It was about 15 years for me, as well.
I was never far away, just not close enough, if you know what I mean.
I left my childhood church because it turned into a false church, and it no longer teaches God's word.
I still pray for them daily that they can realize what they are doing, repent and turn it around.
It took years to find a church that God wanted me to be with, but I have found my church family, and I love them. I am closer to my church family than I am to blood relatives.
Due to technical issues, I can't sign for my church, but I do have the pleasure of streaming the service each week, so I can still see my pastor, hear his message, and worship.
Because of the way the feed is set up, I can not participate unless I am at the church building, and I need to wait until I am clear of the COVID infection first.
I watch the service live each week. Actually, I have told the pastor I have gotten spoiled and like the online streaming because I can watch the service again, later.
There are days when I am closed up in my room wanting to feel sorry for myself that I take great comfort in watching the service again.
I do, and my pastor is wonderful about chatting with me on Facebook every day or so.
Just a couple weeks ago, he brought me a giant care package full of food and snacks to help keep me going and relieve the boredom.
No... I'm not fluent enough for that. I do the songs because I can research them and practice ahead.
I can't interpret.
I am blessed to have friends who give me technical advice. I have a friend who is a certified interpreter who has sent me video showing me the correct way to sign certain songs.
At the moment, I have no way, but that's okay. Since there is no one in the congregation who signs at the moment, I am not needed in that role.
I have no doubt if there were someone depending on me to get the message across, God would have shown us a way to get me streamed in.
I will be where He wants me to be and serve Him as he chooses to use me.
True
I just received a message saying our time is running out. But thank you. It has been wonderful chatting with you. God has used you to lift me tonight and remind me what it important. Thank you for that blessing.
You too, thank you.
HI! Not good. I'm sad right now. I'm mad and angry all together.
No I'm not having a good time at all. I am so mad at my wife for cheating and not giving our marriage a second chance.
Yes she has been unfaithful. I think this person she is with is living with her now or staying there (I'm back in my home state now)
I would love to try counseling. She won't even talk to me. I came back home to stay with my family for a few weeks. She called and said it's all over. I found out she has someone else
I have been miserable.
Yes I have and everyone says to move on. I just don't know how to let her go in my head and heart.
If she called me today and said come back I probably would go. I know I'm weak. I just love her.
No we just got married earlier this year. We never even got around to putting our finances together. So I'm good there. Thank goodness
No and it shocks me because she was so against not getting a divorce. We think (her bff and sister) that she may be using drugs.
I would. She won't even talk to me though. When I try to call and talk to her this other woman (the lady she's cheating on me with) answers her phone and will not let me talk to her.
She could be (at least I hope she is) but if she is there's no sign of that. She has never said or showed it
I know. I'm struggling with letting go of her. It's like my brain is consumed with the thoughts. I want to let her go. I just love her so much. I would of never married her if I wasn't in it till the end.
Yes I agree with that. How did you get over it?
I feel like she just turned her feelings for me off. She blocked me on all social media and my number. Then again I'm sure the potential drugs could help with her turning her feelings off
I keep trying to tell myself that but I don't really believe it either.
It's ok
I think it just takes time. I am talking to someone that understands and wants to pursue me. But I can't let the wife go in my heart/head
This person is ready and this person knows all about how I feel about my wife. I'm not going to rush into it but it is nice having someone that wants to be with you.
Yes it's nice having someone to chat with. Hope you have a nice evening.
Hello
I am depressed
I hate the holidays because everybody has to pretend to be happy even if they aren't
Yea, sometimes
I always felt depressed. It is just worst during the holidays because people expect you to be happy and if you aren't, then they blame you for ruining their holiday
Yea, I suppose it's better that everyone else feels a little more depressed with me, I guess
At least this holiday
Well, they don't understand. No, it isn't anybody specific. But, yea, they tend to think I ruin half of everything
The start of the new year is rough too, because you have to start all over again with breaking your goals for the next year, but we don't really need to go there
I agree
It's hard to find those people though
How often do you feel depressed
Yea, that's true. I thought about going camping somewhere and wait Christmas out in the woods, but I don't know if freezing my butt off would be better than being with them all
Anyway, we've been talking for awhile. I Thank you for talking with me. You seem nice.
That is true
Thank you. I hope you have a good day.
Oh, brother. We have to for another minute to get the full reward
Hey.
Just wondering what I can do to deal with my cocky annoying friend Rick and his new car
(as above)
30+ years since high school
He has, and yes I've told him, he just dismisses it, thinks it's funny that I get jealous
Thanks.
That's good advice! Thanks. I wonder how I can get through to him to really let him know I'm serious. Ideas?
Makes sense. Unfortunately we live on the same street so it's kind of hard not to run into each other. :/
Right, so basically let him know if he continues to act like he does, we're done as friends, correct? Or should I not be that bold?
Sounds good, I'm looking forward to getting this resolved. Now I just have to work on the wording (what I'll say) to come across as serious without being too harsh, I guess.
Suggestions welcome! :)
Yeah I tend to get too emotional lol
That's perfect. Copying that down right now!
Seriously!
True it's just we've been friends for so long it would suck if we weren't anymore.
So I've got a plan and know what to do. You've been super helpful! Thanks!
We will see!
No, I think that's it!
Much appreciated!
Yes, agreed, and yes you did!
Thanks again!
i think i'm about to get fired from my job. i feel tremendous pressure. the uncertainty is kiling me.
i'm not certain. i hear rumors. it would have been nice if my boss spoke to me directly instead of blabbing about this behind my back.
it's awful. this job is too hard for me. getting fired would put me in a big financial hole. my head is spinning.
i am about to start doing that but it's tricky. i'm a radio announcer and if your boss finds our you're looking for another job he can use that as a reason to fire you. there are ways to get around this but it's complicated. small time radio is a difficult mess.
i wish there was someone like that. i've talked to people in the past about this type of situation but i wasn't the one under the gun. but your advice is good and i'll try and think of someone who might be able to help me.
i haven't told the specifics of this mess to my parents; i dont want to burden them with this. they worry about me enough as it is. my sisters wouldn't be able to help me. they both have seirous emotional issues and are both in very bad marriages and have plenty of their own problems.
that's a good idea. i think i'll try that. and praying.
praying is a wonderful thing that i need to do more often. i'm glad you passed the exam. i had a lot of pressure when i went to college as well. it seems most of my 24 years alive i've had one sort of probem or another but i always remember that i have plenty of things to be thankful for too. life can be rough.
Hello :)
how are you
Im feeling very scared regarding my schooling
Im close to failing out and Im not sure what to do
yeah
Im getting pretty close and I can't afford to fail my courses
I've looked around and there arn't any good tutoring services for my field of study
I've tried reaching out for help but Im still doing poorly
Yea im very frustrated at myself. I just can't seem to do well no matter how hard I try
Maybe. I haven't tried that yet
do you think they would help me?
Im trying not to be too hard on myself but it's really scary not knowing if i'll pass the next wave of exams
Ill try asking my profs thats a good idea, they can probably give me some good guidance
I guess you're right
Ill reach out to them too
I think I will do that
im sure they have some of the same questions as I do :)
Yeah you're right
maybe I'm not as hopeless as I thought
yea we all struggle all the time
No I feel a little better
thank you for your time :)
Hello
Not that great unfortunately
How about yourself?
My girlfriend and I recently broke up so it has got me a little down
I'm glad that you're having a good weekend so far
We were together for two years. It's been a pretty tough week but I've been trying to go on walks with my dog & whatnot to keep my mind off thigns
things*
That's one of the things that I am trying to focus on - being mindful of myself.
It's been helpful that my city is on Lockdown so I'm able to go on walks & spend some time by myself
No, thank heavens. My government is handling things a bit better here in Canada.
Being out of work is tough, but at the same time I get a bunch of time to myself.
It feels good to reach out and at least talk to someone about something to be honest.
That's what I'm hoping for... It looks like there is finally light at the end of the tunnel.
Likewise! I appreciate you taking your time to talk to me.
Thank you for making my day just a little bit better haha.
Haha I will do, take care and thank you for the chat!
Thanks, bye bye!
Hello, Not too bad considering but not feeling the best I've felt in awhile
How are you?
For some reason today I have felt very down about the death of my grandmother, she died in September but something just made me feel the grief all day today and i have no idea what it is
Thank you, very sorry for yours. I do think of the good times and I had a lot of those with her but she was also the person who was there for me when I was sad. I was closest to her in my family
Hard when I remember that I can
Cannot call her
I just want to be alone and have no place to do so. My roommate is having people over despite knowing the situation today. Just very frustrating.
Absolutely! And she shaped my life in many ways
I can usually cope with the loss fairly well but something is just bothering me today. It is because I told her as well that I wanted to be alone. She could easily go to their homes too
Sometimes just get stuck when you are in a situation you are not happy in and can't do much to get out of it yet, but at least it is not forever.
yeah absolutely! It is just a very bad day and will be over sooner than later
Yeah thats a good idea
Always helps!
I just wish I wasn't going to be stuck in my room all night
Yeah luckily I've been able to see my family once in awhile and what not
and some friends
I really appreciate your support today
thank you! me too.
same to you!
Hi. How are you doing today?
Good to hear. Stressed and anxious nowadays due to this pandemic.
Sorry to hear that. Hopefully it works out.
Job stability is a concern of mine.
Yes, but my firm has already cut 10%. I feel like I would be next.
Currently no. I am only a low level employee. This is what I am fearful of.
Yes, but it will probably be minimal. I fear the economy will be in a downturn due to this lock down in my city.
Ok, that is very helpful. Is there a lock down where you live?
Oh, I am from Oregon. That is understandable.
Good to hear. Are you on holiday break?
Oh ok. Well, thanks for your insights. Take care.
Hi
I am going through a bad breakup
This month. We've been together off and on for over 17 years
Yeah. We still live together but I am working on moving out
My best friends support me in this and know what I am going through. It's just really painful
I am working on that too after I move out. I've needed to get back into therapy for a while
I plan to do that and enjoy more time with my dog.
My best friend lives a few hours away so after we get settled, I'm hoping to go see them. It's been a few years
Thank you for helping me out and all of your suggestions
Thank you for that. I really needed that.
Thank you for your time and everything. I hope you are well and you have a great day/night/week!
I really feel so much better now. You made me feel not alone in this!
Hello
I am hanging in there, how are you doing?
Well, I have been dealing with insomnia, and that is pretty much ruining my day lately.
Yes, I have. I tried some natural things at first, but it did not work. Then I went to the doctor, and guess what? He said I am having insomnia due to anxiety.
I think so, I am worried about my future with the pandemic, I guess we all are. I am from Brazil and lots of people are dying there.
I have lost 2 relatives to COVID in Brazil and also lost 4 friends there
exactly. I am also very stressed because I have too much on my plate with school, working full time, kids at home distance learning
Thank you. The doctor prescribed an antidepressant that should help with anxiety and a sleeping pill, but I dont want to take it
I am worried about getting addicted to it or something. Have you ever tried these type of meds /
Thats good to know! Maybe I should try it. especially since I have no help here in the United States
Thank you for your help
I have to leave to pick up my son at daycare
hello \
am affected by depression how can you help me
2 months now
what am ii supposed to do in this situation
yeah but there not helping about anything
yes i lost my job last month
so i have joined groups i thing i will be better soon
so how did you manage yours
did he find the job he seeked and moved on with life without depression
thanks a lot i you have really helped
Okay for the most I guess.
I just wanted why people do not see to notice me or want to have a conversation with me.
Typos, sorry.
Some of my own family members actually, I get cut off or not heard at all.
I share pics in an email or text and share things in person but no one seems that interested and yes I listen to them.
Not really, I never made friends too easily. Not seeing anyone in person because of the pandemic except a few family members.
I see them about two times a month, I am their ride as they have no car. Mostly it is my sibling, you can never please me, I know he is the one with the issue but just wish he would listen better and not make harsh comments.
Meant please him.
It would not help, he would never go for that. Sometimes we do have a rare good talk. Just frustrated because I saw him today and he once again made some comments.
Oh I am quite assertive but with family I do not want to cause any issues.
Thanks anyway, you cannot change anyone but yourself. I will survive.
In the past I was more invisble to others in general but that has improved as I will actually strike up a conversation. Just sometimes I feel unnoticed.
Thank you.
You too, take care.
I am sooo pissed at my ex.
hi
well we were together for 3 years. he broke up with me a week ago but we're on the lease for the apartment and share the place with 5 other people. He moved into the room we had open. but now he's turning my roommates against me
i think he's pissed because i'm dating my other ex again.
you think i should move?
This place is amazing tho and my dad is the cosigner. the landlord would never let my roomies take over the lease with their credit. i'm thinking of kicking all them out, actually
i dont want to. i just want to be friends witgh everyone again. we were all so close
I have 2 roommates that actually moved here with me from my previous apartment. The rest r new but they're sweet and we've really bonded
we all tripped shrooms together one night and we are like really close now
it's just sooo uncomfortable to discuss. what if im just being paranoid. i mean part of me feels like they just feel awkward and arent icing me out on purpose
i mean no one has specifically said anything to me that was negative, but suddenly i feel like people are avoiding me. we used to hang out in the living room all the time and we would eat these big meals, but yesterday i came home and they were all cooking with my ex. they said they made enough for me but it seemed like such an after thought
you mean if we DID speak?
i think i just want to know that we're all still friends, i guess. I want our house to feel like home, again.
ok, yeah you're right. I just need to have a conversation with them. I guess.
thank you
Hi there.
I am feeling pretty down about my appearance.
It is mainly my weight i just can't seem to loose any and it is making me quite sad.
Well i do use my bike. But i really struggle with motivation and i know i snack too much. But i have just been too busy to spend any real time facing the problem, you know?
Oh that is a good idea what do you suggest?
No i hadn't thought about that don't you have to only drink protein if your work out.
That actually makes a lot of sense. What about motivation i really need help with that i find when i am less motivated i am deffinitely more depressed.
thats true how can you tell. it is really hard for me right now.
Thats true.
Thank you so much. Sometimes it just takes someone believing in you
Thanks, you too I have a lot to think about. But talking it out really helped. Have a nice day!
Hello
My friend has been quiet and non responsive for some time and I'm starting to worry about them. This is a pretty recent thing, ever since lockdown.
Yes that's correct, however with lockdown I haven't seen any friends for a long time face to face.
Yes that's the issue. I think lockdown is affecting people in many ways and I want to make sure they are OK
Yes I do. Now what should I do about them as other friends in our peer group are also concerned?
I actually haven't. I'm not that close to their family to be honest so I'm not quite sure how to do that?
I didn't think about contacting family that way. That's a good suggestion.
Perhaps I am worried about nothing and your experience does make sense. I may be reading too much into these things but you read about people's mental health being affected by COVID isolation these days.
That is true. I think they are probably very busy at the moment but as they are typically so outgoing it did strike me as odd. What else would you suggest?
I think I'll give that a try. Maybe they don't have time but a fun relaxing group chat might be the way forward. Thanks for this suggestion. I'll give this a go.
okay right now
i am 66, my immediate family is dead, no kids, in touch only with a cousin who is a very troubled person, sometimes her depression spreads to mine, limited friends, COVID makes conditons more sad
i unloaded a lot on you but current situations do not feel good
she is my age, in a homeless women's, very bad living conditions, she is a mental health client but treatment team seem so to feel that as long as they keep her medicated, their job is done. she has a dx of bipolar and probably has borderline personality. her background is similiar to mine, i cannot abandon her as her other family has done.
on antidepressant meds, COVID makes it hard to keep in touch with provider, your comparison about the oxygen mask is a good one.
a possible path to look into. thanks
thanks. may be a good time to close on a positive note. like suggestions
not right now but thanks for your concern
hello
i am not well
i have an exam coming up annd i dont wanna fail
i dont have anyone and i live alone. i feel that my scholarship will be taken away if i fail
should i go to my school councellor
I have been really upset as people from my study group dont respond to my emails
I dont have a professor i can trust or feel comfortable taking to
I also dont have any family
i have general anxiety disorder
i couldnt study because I have chronic pain issues
i have never tries writing down my feelings
i dont have a lot of family. I am new to this country as wel. due to covid i cant fly back home.
i'm stressed about my family getting covid
my youngest is waiting for test results. we shoul dhear something monday or tuesday
yes, he's been isolating. but i'm worried that we all with have to quarantine if he's positive
That's true. everything just feels so out of control
i can focus on the things i can control - that's good advice. what have you been doing to stay sane through all of this?
i haven't felt like doing much of anything, my house is wreck. where are you finding motivation
did you find a list online or make it yourself?
what should i do when i finish cleaning?
good idea, i am just finding it hard to get away from the constant bad covid news. i feel like i'm always on high alert. it's stressing me out
cleaning, hobbies, anything else good for distraction? got a good podcast recommendation?
thanks for your advice. y'all stay safe
I have anxiety, which keeps me awake at night and I can't relax
I just want to not having to live with it
A lot of reasons, but right now because my parents are old. I'm worried whenever they have to drive, especially in the snow
They still have to go to work. The point here is, that is just the tip of an iceberg. Most of the time, I am worried something bad will happen, even if there is no particular reason
No I have not, I don't think they can help
Are there anything else that can help?
I tend to get more anxious at night before bed, what should I do?
No I have not, they can be very expensive
I don't know where to start,like who is good and such
I will try that, that's a good start
That's all for now, your advice was very helpful
Hello i am okay
and you?
I just wanted to talk about my recent heartbreak
My boyfriend cheat on me with my close friend
i wouldnt say close tho
but because i know her i had warned him about her]
but typical men, they would still disrespect you with anyone in skirts
i dont know why a grown ass man cannot be decisive
Its crazy
and just when you think you found one with his brain intact, he finds a way to embarrass you
i called it quits
Im not even sure who should take the higher percentage of my anger, the stupid girl or the stupid boy
really though.. was a stressful time
after being caught slipping, he tried to lie his way out of it
that's the funny thing. they ain't even together. The said girl has her own boyfriend
Im moving on. I have refused to let that define me or my moods
i also havent spoken to anyone about it
i dont think its necessary
right on that
never even thought of revenge. that would mean i didnt have a life of my own
right about that
yes yes
i couldnt agree more
Hi, my girlfriend just broke my heart
we've been together for 5 years.
through email. so it hurts even harder
yeah couldn't even do it face to face
I'm so hurt
yes it has broke my heart into a million pieces
definitely is. what should I do to get my mind off this awful breakup
ok perfect. that will keep my mind occupied
yes I do. I like playing basketball with friends
yes it will. but damn it sucks . I will take your advice
two more to go
you there?
Hi, I have a bit of anxiety as a college student learning during the pandemic. I'm nervous about applying for grad schools.
Hi! I'm doing ok, how about you?
Are you still there?
It has been difficult to stay focused in classes this last year with distance learning and just dealing with anxiety and loneliness. My grades suffered a little.
Not really, I live with my older sister and she's an essential worker, so I don't want to trouble her.
That makes sense. It's just that times are tough right now for everyone. Not sure what to do about the grad school applications.
I need some motivation to get started on these applications...
This is going to be rough haha
Any tips for writing the personal statement?
Motivation to get started, and just staying on track with completing them
I'm apply to public health programs
Have you applied to grad schools before? Would love some tips!
You're not very responsive.
Thanks, that will be helpful to decide on the programs I want to apply to
Are you based in the US?
How have you been handling your anxiety during the pandemic?
I could use some tips!
Anything that has worked for you?
That does sound fun, especially while staying home. Do you chat with your friends on Zoom?
hello
currently I am stressed
thank you for speaking with me
i am feeling pressured from the covid19 crisis
job loss has effected me and i have no idea what to do
i have friends and family who also suffers from job loss
hair braider
no i have to be within 6 feet to do their hair
yes i have to be closer
none
but i am looking for work from home jobs
no
no i dont i want to be safe
yes i have but i need more info on how i get into that type of work
thats nice what the name of the website
o please do that would be wonderful
and thank you
ok thank you
ok awesome
whats her name
ok i will look her up on youtube
ok
kool
did she start off doing that or was she employed by another company
ok thats great
im going to check her out on youtube
yes i can but i will have to reduce the amount of clients i have
yes there is
Hello
I am ok. Just very sleepy.
I have been having trouble getting to sleep on time.
Yes. I find it hard to fall asleep. This happens most nights
I just feel anxious and sometimes I don't even know why. But yes my mind keeps going.
Yes please. Maybe something you did could help me too. Did you also have trouble quieting your mind?
That sounds like something I could try. Did you just google Tracks to Relax?
I have in the past. Is it on Spotify?
That is very nice of you
Thank you
How long does it go for?
I do not. But I will try with the podcast. It is easy and free. And if it gets worse I can look into getting professional help.
Thank you for listening to me and thank you for your recommendations.
That is a good idea too! Thanks again and enjoy the rest of your day.
Hello, I would like to talk to you about my academic pressures
I hope you may be able to help
I guess the problem is that I am faced with impending deadlines with my studies, and that I am not that great with my organization or time management, and compounded with distractions.
Thank you
So I don't know if you have any tips or personal experiences on how to deal with such issues
No, because time management I feel is something that I have to resolve on my own, and I have enough courses on my plate right now.
But I guess for time management, I tend to be distracted easily or spend too long on other stuff outside of my studies
I see. So would you be able to share some tips on time management?
like specifically, I don't know. I am just going with my instincts and my instincts aren't great or mature
well I guess I can put out like a time table on what I should get through in the day, etc.
setting alarm clocks on set times, etc.
But also, with the ongoing pandemic, it doesn't help either. For example, I am trapped at home and it feels claustrophobic but it's not safe to go out either. And my mind wanders in such circumstances too.
yes that's good advice. I have done it but sometimes I overdo my rewards like take too long of a break, etc.
so in my opinion, I need moderation and maturity.
for sure. It's really really distracting and has made my life and mind wander aimlessly.
I was a lot more productive with my life and studies before March or so
Yeah true. On that point, I know I have done well before, and I know I can pass, but I don't like the direction I am going in and these new trends.
so I feel disappointed and guilty because I know I am better than this and ought to be.
yes for sure, your advice will be fresh in my mind after our chat. I have a renewed need to attend to my studies so I do feel that.
just have to be more hardworking and contentious, basically.
yeah I do.
I try not to put music on while I study but I do that sometimes when I am doing other forms of assignments. So I have my rules on those.
yeah I will, from time to time.
I think I am good to go from this point. Thank you so much for your helpful input.
hi hello ..good morning
could you please help me out to over come this stress
due to lost job in college campus
due to covid , most of on campus jobs are closed and opened online classes for students
to atted online classes , need to pay fee , i don't have money much now
yea , but i am on student visa and affected covid .My health is not good
ha , i am so scar to go out beacuse of covid
yea , for that i need money to take care of health and i need to get my degree to get good job
yea sure will take all precautions
do have any idea what type of jobs can student visa persons to do ?
i am not lazy but my brain have fll of worst thought due to covid
oh ok no issues
do you have any friends who works in software to help me out to get a good job
thank you so much for your help
thanks for your time too
have a nice day
Hi
I am really very angry with my friends for not inviting me
I didn't did any anything wrong to my friends but they are simply saying they forget me
So they no need on me ,
I am not important person to them
In my all events i am inviting them all but how they
Why what happen..?
In last 2 events only , what about you
You are correct
sometime it will happen , but we should forget and move on
How many best friends do you have ?
Hello. I am okay. I have been grieving the loss of my grandmother so I've been a little down lately.
This happened in May. I had to think about it for a moment because I was thinking it was March. It was May. This year has completely thrown me off. She passed away in May.
Sorry for sounding redundant. I have just haven't been myself.
Thank you.
That is true. I know the time will heal but it is painful.
We were very close when I was younger however for the past 15 or so years she was in a home in a different state.
I didn't reach out to her much. I regret that.
I am kind of ashamed that I did not make more of an effort.
That is one of the hard parts for me. I don't take enough time for myself.
Thank you. That was nice to hear that.
Sorry if that was confusing. I mean I don't take time for myself to heal because I feel so guilty that I didn't talk to her in the end.
Should I just accept it?
That is a good idea.
I do plan on taking a small trip to celebrate her life.
That such a precious memory to have.
You're right. I think something along those lines would make me feel her death in a different light. Make it into something enjoyable to remember her and not feel guilty. She wouldn't want that. Sometimes it takes an outside view to see. I appreciate your kind words.
Yes, I do. Do you?
Merry Christmas!
I keep forgetting it's today. This year has just been so different
Thank you!
I am glad we are nearing the end of it too.
I appreciate you being there for me. It was nice to have someone to talk to.
No. You have helped with everything I needed.
Thank you.
It was pleasant speaking with you. I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day! You too! Thank you!
It's alright. Definitely not as cold as last year which is something to be slightly thankful for.
I'm worried about grad school
Sure. One of my classes is extremely difficult and the professor has not been responsive at all. The TA is kind enough to make time to help me with homework, but my grades are still not great. It makes me feel really dumb and undeserving to be in that class
I want to be in the program, it's just that I feel like everyone is so much smarter than me and my performance in that class makes me question my admission into the programs sometimes. When I feel like this after submitting homework, I end up crying because I just want to do well. I enjoy this field, just not this class in particular.
I'm afraid of failing, but I'm not sure if that should be a concern either. Over the past 3 years, no one has gotten a grade lower than a B.
Sometimes I think about that. At the same time, I feel like it's unfair to compare myself to others.
So what do I do about it? I don't want to keep feeling like this
I don't think my school has free therapy programs. I have thought about seeing a therapist but I've heard therapy is very expensive.With student loans, I didn't really put much more research into therapy past hearing about the costs.
I think free therapy sessions would be a good place to start
Yeah, there are definitely a lot of other things i'm insecure about
I think talking about this has helped. I'll do a little more digging. Thank you!
Hello? I'm so emotionally exhausted all the time lately.
With Covid going on and school being from home my house is so chaotic all day and I can never get any peace. I feel like I'm always going and never stop
There is always something going on and I miss quite and chances to just relax without having to tend to someone else all the time
I feel so guilty doing that though. Like what is the point when I know when he leaves I'll feel horrible and then end up like cleaning the whole house or something.
I used to love doing art things but I haven't done anything in a few years. I do miss it
what are some things your like to do?
I think I might do that. Thank you for making me think to do something i have let fall by the wayside.
I love being outdoors. My husband works a lot so we can only really get out one or twice a week because we only have one care and i think being stuck inside all the time is really what is causing my feelings.
Thank you so much. It is nice to hear some support.
I am. I would love to get outside but some times it hard. I do know that i should try a little harder.
Thank you for talking to me
Yes I feel calmer and like I can make some changes to help even more on the daily.
Hello
I am good, thanks for asking. I hope you're doing well also.
I am here to talk about the effects that the current pandemic has on my mental health.
Specifically, I feel scared and anxious that me, my friends, or my loved ones will be infected
I see. Sorry to hear that. I don't go out until it's absolutely necessary, only when I have errands or for work. And so for more than half a year, I have not gone out for any frivolous walks, to the movie theatre, for hikes, or to workout s I used to.
yes and I feel that. I have pretty much been staying indoors all this time.
I feel lonely and sleep at abnormal times, workout a lot less, eat a lot less healthy, etc.
There's no coherent or healthy lifestyle pattern, as my life pretty much was put on hold from back in March.
well I have, but a lot of the times I am just wasting time and procrastinating and kind of just staring off into space and not doing much at home.
Yes thank you for pointing out the lack of structure, that was the word I was looking for.
It was freeing at first, but then I realized that it was going to repeat perpetually and that I was going to miss the entire summer, etc.
and I felt somewhat claustrophobic etc. And also scared to go out and be in public because I get paranoid at who's infected, etc.
yeah that's a good idea.
I wanted to take up writing more, but my online education got in the way and my goal became unrealized.
yes hopefully you're right
and how about you? How have you been coping so far?
yes I am trying to be as careful and not think to much as I can.
I see. I was okay for the last few months to be honest, and getting used to the routines. But it was just that for the last two to three weeks, my city started having a rise in the cases from a second wave.
And that's when my anxiety came back and my guard is up again
yeah that's true and have been lucky so far as I don't know anyone personally that has been infected.
And have also been lucky that certain things didn't happen, like a massive shortage in supplies and food. There was for the first month or so, but stuff like that were eventually smoothed out. So I agree with you that in due time, things will resolve themselves. I sure can go for that vaccine now, that's for sure.
Yeah the highly publicized vaccine company is hopefully going to roll out its vaccine soon in the States.
yes, I get enough of those. Just should have more of a routine, as you said before. I just need to manage my time better at home and also find more time to work out and sleep at normal times, because I tend to sleep real late nowadays.
yeah you're so right.
That's exactly right, I kind of ignore myself and became zoned out or something.
right. That's good advice.
But aside from that, I should be fine then. Thank you very much for your helpful input.
it's good to have someone to listen and understand, thanks
Thanks again and have a wonderful day.
good luck and all the best to you.
hi
my girlfriend broke up with me
she taught i was cheating on her
no i wasn't
she saw our chat history which honestly looks incriminating
because we kind of flirt with each other
my girlfriend saw my chat with another woman
favorite sexual position
yes, i am feeling very sad at the moment
i tried to but she is not giving me the chance
but how long will that space be
its been up to a week already
i am planning on it
that will be hard because i am soo used to her being around
yes you are right
i will by all means necessary
i really hope so too
thanks soo much, you have been soo helpful
yes you did. i feel reassured
so am i
i will
you too
you are welcome
bye
ok
Hi good afternoon, I am seeking support for my anxiety related to my job
Is this something you can help me with?
Wonderful! My job is causing me some stress and anxiety. Everything is usually good except for my one coworker who tries to boss me around. She is very unhelpful and hypocritical
You cannot even talk to her without her interrupting or being rude. I am trying to find a better way to deal with the situation
Yes, I believe she has an aggressive personality and there wouldn't be much of a difference in the way she acts or speaks to others. She never listens
I could try to have a conversation but in the past it has been difficult
That is a good recommendation, I have tried to relax and relieve stress in other outlets and not let it get to me or take it personally
Our office is small so it would likely just be my boss who I have mentioned it to before. I think of it as she may not be working here that much longer
and is only part time now
Thats true, it is good to put it in that perspective and to have another opinion on the subject
And think of another way to handle everything
Thank you very much!
Thank you and same to you. I appreciate your support!
What do you do to unwind after a stressful day
Netflix and seltzer have solved many of my problems
I am trying to force myself to go to the gym but I have little motivation some times esp having to wear a mask the whole time haha
I do miss snacking tho!
Hi
This pandemic is causing me a lot of anxiety and stress.
My job safety, financial situation, get evicted and much more.
None so far. I have no idea. Any suggestions?
Oh ok. That is helpful. I've been reading to past the time.
Yes, sometimes.
Not my type of books, but I'll definitely look into it.
Job stability is also a concern for me
I definitely fear for my future if I lose my job.
That is correct.
I work for an insurance company. Low level employee.
No, but due to this pandemic, layoff is a concern.
hello
Im feeling a little down
Yes I am being dismissed from medical school
i am currently in the appeals process but i havent left the house in a weeks
yes my child was having suicidal thoughts so my attention went there
no its all on me
because of the holidays it will be kind of pointless
they will probably see my cause a few days before the scheduled meeting
No extensions allowed
but thank you for your suggestions
Yes i believe so, i am currently looking into alternatives as far as future career goals
i am feeling both honestly i do have plans but do not want to go
i have been to a few trips visiting family i did not really enjoy myself i want to be alone
that is my current problem
i think i am depressed
i am currently on medication i suffer from severe depression
Thank you
its very hard
This is true
thank you I feel a little better knowing im not the only one going through this
thats a good idea actually
I use to have a journal but havent wrote in it for years
it helped a lot
Thank you youre right i put too much on myself
Yes it has bothered me for years and its like a weight on my shoulders
you too and thank you again
You too Merry Christmas
Hi - I'm sorry. I stepped away from the computer for a moment while waiting...
Well, my manager has decided that everyone in the office will continue to work from after the pandemic is under control. But I've found myself depressed from working from home all the time.
For a full year--since March 2020, when the pandemic first started. I was working from home just 1 day per week prior to that, which I liked. But I've found that 5 days per week is much too much. I miss people. :(
That's where it gets awkward. It seems like everyone besides me are super happy that we'll continue working from home. I hesitate to share my feelings because maybe my manager will change her mind, which would be a big bummer for everyone else on the team (seemingly).
Well, it's possible that my manager will say we can be flexible. But if so, I think I'd end up being the only one in my office working... which would be just as lonely as working from home while throwing away the few perks of working from home, like saving on gas. Plus, I think my company will probably want to repurpose our office space eventually.
lol, sorry, that was an ugly run-on sentence. :\
That is indeed a possibility. But my office is in a city that has a whole lot of high-tech companies, which were moving towards doing more work from home even BEFORE the pandemic. So it kind of feels like this might be a "cultural shift" in my area in general. Although there has GOT to be a whole lot of other people who feel like I do. Maybe we should start our own company, lol.
That's a good question. My state is still one of the ones that's mostly shut-down. Part of my depression surely stems from the fact that all evening/weekend activities ended a year ago as well.
That's true. And your suggestion of improving my work space is a good one. I've been working in a modified walk-in closet. I've tried to make it inviting, but there are no windows/etc.... it's kind of a dark cave.
That's a good thought. My computer is set-up on a folding card table. (I tried finding a desk a while back, but there was a huge shortage since everyone suddenly had to buy them for themselves, kids, etc.). I hadn't thought of asking my company to buy me one. Plus a more comfy chair could improve my attitude.
That's a great idea. Maybe I should set-up a "virtual happy hour" where we can exchanged the tips/tricks we've learned to make working from home more enjoyable this past year.
You're right! Well, thank you so much for your help.... and you TRULY did help me put this all into perspective. Sincerely, thanks! :)
Thanks! You too! Bye
I am very sad
I think I am just feeling down because of the pandemic
I have but they aren't the same without my friends
We have done a few video calls but it just makes me more sad that I can't see them in person
Yes we are planning to get it as soon as possible but that is hard in our state
None of them are really comfortable with that sadly
I have tried but we don't have many ideas
I am just a student right now. All of my classes are online
I think things will get better eventually
Biology and anatomy
I truly hope so!
Thanks for talking with me
Thanks. Bye!
I am feeling very upset because of my situation.
Yes. My friend, M, is my oldest friend and knows me the best. If I can't turn to her for help, then who can I turn to?
She is always so depressed herself. She is too tired, she is too sad, she is too frustrated. Everyone has hard lives, but we all do our best to deal with it. I have a child with special needs and I need help too, but she never thinks to ask about me and see if I am not doing okay
I talk about her issues constantly. I guess I could do a better job about letting her know when I am feeling down. I just ask her to do things with me instead, but maybe she just takes it at face value. Literally everytime we talk though, it's about her problems.
But she never does anything to try and fix them.
Yes, exactly.
It would be nice if I didn't have to explicitly spell it out. It makes it seem less meaningful when I have to spoonfeed to her what is wrong and what I need her to do for me.
That's true, I didn't think about that really. Helping others def can help to take the focus off of yourself.
Yeah, that is true. I guess I am not looking at it from her persepctive.
Should I tell her that I am frustrated with her lack of helping me or just try to put that behind me?
What is a good way to broach that I need help. Like I guess I don't know how to bring it up organically in a conversation
Okay, I can try that. I guess I get so caught up in the frustration and my expectations of her, that I don't give it a chance.
Thank you, I appreciate your help. :)
hello
are you there?
im upset with my current job they don't value me as a person
yes they show favoritism, and i feel over looked
i gave 100%. Every week they score us and mines is always 100% but when they recognize people they never call my name.
what did you do?
but what did you do?
but did it make you feel like just leaving the company for a better one that would appricate you?
that was very helpful thank you
I will try not to give up
Hello
i'm ok
how are you?
yes, see me and my boyfriend are planning to move out of state and we chose May as a move date. i however have been thinking that since I have family where we are going that we could leave earlier granted we have everything together.
I'm not sure how to ask him or talk to him about it.
Any ideas?
I'm not afraid i just don't want to seem like i'm rushing things. I think because i am in the process of finding a job and he is working r n
And I don't know if we would have enough yet
What would u do?
Not yet. We just put in app in for a place
So were waiting to hear back
Good idea
It's my first time doing one of those so idk how long it takes to get approved
How long does it take mostly?
Yeah
True
That's a good idea.
Thank you for your help
I just have this as my mai n income r n
It's not much but every little bit helps
Yeah wait do people see Mturk as a real job though?
Thank you good luck in your life too.
You would think so
Bye
I am very depressed
I feel lonely
I felt go to death
Yes. I want to die. because I love him. But he leave me alone
I think I did not able to return my normal life
Yes. I feel very sad. Give me some counselling
I did not have close friends
Yes
My parents. But they are avoiding me because this lover is hurting my parents also. So they are advising me many times
But I did not hear their advice
So they are angry with me.
Yes. I am very depressed. Do you give me any counselling?
I will try many times. But they are avoiding me.
Yes. They are did not understanding my current situation
Yes. I have one brother. But he was very little boy. So he did not understand my feelings.
Yes. I try to tell my parents many times
My parents are angry with me.
Yes . Only one friend
But she was long distance to me
So very difficult to contact
Yes
I will tell my problem already in Email. But she doesn't replay to me.
I try to call her but did not reached
Yes. I am very interested to reading comic books
I love comic books and story books
Yes.
Saga this is my favorite comic book
I will try
Very thanks for your idea
Ok. Very thanks.
I am very relax this times
I feel like the burden on my mined has gone down
Yes. I feel little bit better
Thank you my friend
Can you tell me your name please?
Riya
Thank you Ryan brother
Ok thank you so much for your tips
Bye
Take care. Bye.
Hello, I'm feeling very anxious about my classes. How are you?
Yeah, especially with the pandemic, it's just been so hard to try and focus
Exactly. Do you have any suggestions for what I can do to try and do better in my classes? I've tried talking to my professors, but they've all been really unhelpful thus far
I think that's a really good idea! I usually sleep in too late and then feel like I'm rushing around to get all of my work done, only adding onto the stress. I also really like the pen idea. Do you have any suggestions for good brands that I should use to help make my notes better?
I think that's a really good idea for helping to improve my focus. If my notes are more eye-catching, it'll help to keep my attention when I'm looking over them again after class and trying to study. I think your suggestion of waking up earlier is good too, what time do you suggest waking up in the morning? I usually don't set an alarm and find myself rushing around before class
I think that would really help. I sometimes have trouble waking up to my alarms in the morning too, but maybe making the ringtone louder would help with that as well or putting it further away from me so that I have to get up further in the morning to get it. Do you think those would be effective too? Or would getting a different alarm help?
Ooh, yeah. I like your ringtone idea too! I usually make it some sort of song that I like and then end up either sleeping past it or not hearing, but I think making it something loud or annoying would really help to get me up to turn it off.
I think knowing that I don't have to drive to campus is what makes me feel like I can sleep in. It feels much easier to just wake up and go onto my computer than having to get ready in the morning and drive to campus. I think I mostly miss that routine. Because of that, I also find myself going to bed much later than I should be, even on school nights.
Exactly. It was much easier for me when I had a routine schedule, versus knowing that I can just wake up, roll out of bed, and go to class, but I think that your suggestions are really going to help me finish my semester on a better foot
Thank you so much! I hope you're able to finish off your semester good this year as well!
hi. i was discontinued from my studies due to some financial problem
i am staying with my parents.
i am thinking of applying an online job but i am afraid that i can't manage both my studies and job
thinking about it makes me frustrating and sad
i have discontinued it already
yes. thank you for concern
i think i can also follow this idea.
I think i can cope upwith my situation with this advice of you.thank you
what are you doing lately
oh so kind of you
oh so you are tutoring classes
thats interesting
Hello there.
Could be better, I feel anxiety about my Uni exams. I feel I will fail it all this year
I just can't, I fall behind on study because I played too much online games and didn't attend classes
It's easy to say to try to relax :(
I am trying to catch up 3 month study in one week, but more I am trying the more I feel I will fail
Oh thank you
I am sleeping now like maybe 4 hours per day trying to catch up
Anything I can do to help my sleep?
That's a good idea I can try.
Maybe I can take some medications as well?
Ok, as you said that you were in this situation I will try to do my best.
Thank you very much for your help
I can try thank you. Will do today
Thanks again
Hi, I'm doing fine today, but just a bit annoyed...
My family was intending to get together for the Christmas season, but we had to cancel our plans.
I will be able to spend it with my mom, but I've basically been planning this trip for an entire year.
Plane tickets & everything, but COVID-19 has made me cancel all of these plans. Just annoyed and frustrated.
We live in Chicago & they live in Boston
It's also cut into a few of my hobbies too. It amazes me how this year has turned out
I'm glad that you understand. I feel like I'm not the only one anymore
Yeah, being couped up in the house all day has been testing my patience
I thought things were pretty complicated back then, but this is definitely simplified my choices, lol
Very windy today for me. I wanted to take my dog out for a walk & cheer up her day, but it's a little too windy for me here
Ooooohhhhh, and chilly tomorrow too? Sounds like a lot to look forward too. I appreciate the headsup
Sounds like a great idea! I will definitely try to catch up with them that way!
I may not be able to see them in person, but it sounds like a good alternative.
I appreciate the support & thank you for your time.
I feel a lot better now. Merry Christmas!
ITs been better. I am dealing with issues in life.
she was giving her kids who were 12 and 15 drugs, I turned her in to CPS for it. The relationship ended in a fury and a mess.
girlfriend.
well ex girlfriend.
Shes pretty furious from what I know. Shes trying to stalk me and find where I moved to. I left the state i lived in over all this. shes been known to be a bit violent and crazy in her reactions.
it would then give her my address to where I live, which is what I fear most. as she then knows right where I am. the whole reason i left was to have her not know my location.
I have. I looked into it. and if i file a restraining order, it will give her my address. To supress my address it would take charges filed and things of the sort. Shes crafty.
She will definately come after me. I have evidence that makes her guilty that has been turned into the attorneys and cps. Shes losing custody of her daughter who is 12. The 15yr old lives with the father. so she wont lose custody, but im sure her visits will be messed up.
I am not. I am not planning on it either. Staying away is the best plan.
they have fathers. I am not involved like that. we had a short relationship and I am sure her girls will be bitter with me even tho i did the correct thing by turning her in.
but the guilt from turning her in is terrible.
She was not a good person. So it makes it easy to not regret it. but i still feel guilty. guilt caused issues last month when this all started and came to a head. it was a mess. I was a mess. things happened.
I dont believe so. The guilt to me sets with causing a disruption between mother and daughters. It created a large burden for me to bear.
Hi how are you
Could b better
Ive been more depressed and more panic attacks since the quarantine
Yes so much. Afraid of getting it and than giving it to my very sick mlm
Sometimes I don't think that's enough to prevent. My mom has cancer and it's been hurting not being able to see her because I don't want to take that risk
Yeah I've tried but it's not th same. Wish I could b there to help her through this. But with everything going on it's so hard
I guess so it's a struggle everyday. Appreciate talking to someone though
Good evening, how are you?
Could be worse. Just stessed as listed.
I've been only doing some deliveries due to COVID, while also searching for another job because it's just not sustainable. It's stressful enough with less money, but coming up on Christmas is just giving me even more anxiety about it.
Yes
It's so hard to find something else right now.
I have recently been in contact with one around here. It unfortunately just hasn't happened as quickly as I wished. Although that's life. I'm hoping that it will progress.
That's definitely something I'm lacking. I need to be better about that because I'm sure it will help.
When is a decent amount of time to follow up?
Thank you, that is really helpful advice.
Thank you, I know this crazy year has been hard on a lot of people for different reasons.
You've been helpful and I think we've hit our minimum that we need.
Unless there is anything else from you?
Thank you so much! I hope you have a good night.
I'm doing ok
Yes, me and my partner are considering breaking up as she wants to move to another state to be with her cousin and have a fresh start. I want to stay and be around my family. So that is the dilemma.
Yes and its very hard for me to make a decision on which to choose.
Yes, sure
I would say compared to every relationship I have had, this is the best relationship I have been in. Plus we have children involved.
I think that after speaking with you, I realize the choice I must make though difficult. And yes we have talked with everyone close with us or connected.
I feel like everyone respected both of our wishes as they were different but everyone also offered advice and shared their experiences. Everyone was cooperative.
Yes we listened to each other but it was still a more agree to disagree conversation. No over talking or arguments.
Yes I have come to understand that we must have those hard conversations rather than avoiding it. Thanks for the talk!
I do now that I have talked it through.
hi
i am breaked up with my partner
atmost 2 years
he only angry with me but i am still loving him
he is going to abroad , so he is leaving me
my working platform does not allow me to outside the contry
yes , absolutly correct
i already talk to him , but he say that him future is more important more than me
no ,i need to time forget
Hi, Thanks for talking to me today. I've been so upset about my boyfriend breaking up with me. It was so unexpected.
He texted me yesterday! Can you believe that? We've been together a year and he broke up with me by texting me!!! He couldn't even do it face to face!
Yes, I thought so too! He knew I'd be upset and he didn't want to deal with me I guess. He knew I wanted to get married some day from the very start. He knew it didn't have to be soon. I'm still in college. I just want to know that he wants marriage some day but he decided that marriage is an institution he doesn't believe in.
Yes, It was completely unexpected because things with us were going great. I was completely blindsided. We hadn't even talked about marriage lately. He just knew that it was something that I wanted in the future.
I've just been crying and laying in bed. I called off work today. I don't want to see anyone right now.
How 'd you get over it?
Maybe calling off work was a bad idea... all I'm going to do is think about this instead of doing something to take my mind off of it...
I think I'm going to get out of bed and do something to take my mind off of this . Thanks for chatting with me today!
I think I'm going to do that! There is a park by my house that I'm going to go for a walk in! Some fresh air might be good for me!
Thanks! I hope so too!
HII
fine
i had a lot of reasons to give up on you
but i still chose to stay
hello
how are you?
hmm
she don't miss him, you miss the person he used to be.
what about you?
ofcourse
never go back to an old love, it's like reading a book over and over again when you already know how it ends.
yup
pain is the only thing that's telling me i"am still alive
It is better to be alone. Than being with someone who makes you feel alone.
Faith isn't about everything turnig out okay.
little level, because faith is aobut being okay no matter how things turn out.
ohh that was great idea
you choice a better way
but why you separated from your spouse.
why .. ??
great
how to feel after breakup??
ohh okay
your correct.trusting you again is my decision, proving me wrong is your choice
this way of life was never chosen by me, it was my bad luck that it choose me
yes ofcourse
trust and let go whoever is meant to be there, will still be there
thank you
are you working on a support group of your own?
here there are many people to ready to shopping in online
it is most helpful to others
Yes I am feeling bad about myself. I am unemployed from the Pandemic. I decided to back to school and it is a lot harder than i anticipated.
I got a scholarship and Im not working so I should be successful, right?
But I feel distracted, it is online and there is a lot of writing assignments. I feel like I dont know what they expect.
I am running out of money too and it isnt helping me to focus. I thought I could be productive and do something positive during this time.
I have a desk in my bedroom. My 3 kids are in college too, LOL.
I wish there were some face to face or zoom like participation classes. I dont like independant study.
Not really. I was wondering that too. We have assignment where we "post" and "respond" to some topic or other. Yeah I think that is a good idea.
I like that idea, i think i will ask my kids how to set that up
Thank you for your understanding, it is good to bounce things off someone else.
Have a great day!
Hello. Is anyone here?
I need a bit of advice
My partner of 4 years... i never thought this would happen but they ended up cheating on me
Caught them in the act
With my roommate
I can't believe this. We've been together for 4 years. All of their stuff is in the same house we are living in
Should I kick them out???
That's my current problem. I do still love them but... what would happen if I stay and we work on our relationship?
Do you think it would be a good idea to solve the relationship and stay?
They did end up crying and saying that it was a mistake. I don't know if it would be a good idea. I think I would have feelings of regret
The trust wouldn't be there anymore.
I'll give it a shot to talk with them. Do you think there would be hateful feelings even if we decided to resume the friendship?
That is true. I probably will give it some time to decide on a best course of action. I just needed someone to talk to.
Thanks again friend!
Do your recommend for me to talk right away?
That's true. Right now I think it would be too awkward to talk
Hi there, I was hoping to get some support. I'm having a hard time with things.
I broke up with my boyfriend because he cheated on me.
Yes, that's correct. I'm heartbroken!
Wait, no. I broke up with my boyfriend. he didn't break up with me
I caught him cheating on me with my best friend. They were together at the movies and I caught them
Are you sure? Because I keep wondering what I did wrong for him to cheat
I appreciate you saying that. It makes me feel a bit better! Do you have any advice about how I can take my mind off of things?
Taking a long walk is great advice. Perhaps I will try doing that more often. The fresh air always does me good.
I have a lot of friends I can talk to about this but unfortunately COVID makes it difficult to see them.
I have some weight to lose, so taking a walk would help me with that also. Added bonus!
That's not a bad idea either. I think I'm feeling much better now
You too :)
i cant keep up in class
like crap, it makes me not wanna do anything
yeah, like I want to start doing better but then i realize theres just no point im already behind
okay, i guess its good to know im not the only one
how did you get thru it?
Thats helpful, thanks
i am a little scared to ask my teacher though
shes really mean and what if she fails me?
yeah i guess your right
yea, a lot better actually, thanks
what should i do about the work i missed?
okay, thanks, i will do that
no thats all, thanks again for helping me
Hello. I'm looking for some help.
I have a big test coming up for a college class and I am very anxious about it.
Yeah exactly. I feel like my future depends on getting a good grade on this test.
I've been studying every day for weeks but I still can't help but feel really anxious. I don't know what to do. It's messing with my sleep schedule.
I'm trying my best I'm just worried it won't be enough.
Yes, I can try to do that more often.
I'm fairly certain I have most of it memorized but what happens if I freeze up and forget during the test?
Thank you! Do you think taking a practice exam would help?
Ok, I will try that out. I appreciate talking to you I feel better already.
I'll remember that! Thank you again!
Hello
I am feeling quite sad. I miss hanging out with my friends in person.
Yes
What do you do to cope?
I do that occasionally but it really is not the same.
That is true. Although I may have to find a new hobby that isn't social
Do you have any suggestions?
That sounds fun
Which one do you do personally?
What is a good example?
Those seem pretty interesting. Thanks for the advice
No, I think you did a great job giving advice.
You too! Bye
Hello, I have been feeling very anxious and stressed recently.
I failed my first exam earlier this week and I have 2 more later on in this week. I am already disheartened about my first failure and I am scared that I will fail again.
I have been too stressed about my other exams, it's making it hard for me to focus on studying and I don't know what to do.
I have never tried meditating before, I have no idea where to start.
I feel like a failure and I am scared my parents are going to be disappointed in me
I guess you are right, I need to believe in myself and my abilities more.
I just don't know how sometimes.
What if I fail another exam this week? I need at least an 80% to pass my class, I am so worried.
That seems like a good plan, hopefully I will be able to get the score I need to pass.
Is there any other piece of advice you have for me before I get to studying again?
I appreciate you helping me, I am feeling much more confident!
Hello. How are you?
I'm just feeling sad and depressed over the breakup that I described above. Hoping for some inspiration.
I feel so betrayed. I was completely caught off guard. Now I don't know what to do with myself.
Just this last week. I came home from work early Thursday. I guess I should have texted first so he could get rid of the guy. Or maybe not. Maybe it's better that I found out.
We were together almost ten years. Over nine and a half. I had no idea. I don't think the guy is even someone he really cares about. I don't know.
Yes that's right, I'd never seen him before.
No, it was just the two of us. And two cats. Who are still here with me. There's that at least.
Just from home. Self-published author, some online work, stuff like that. He made about as much as I did, I wasn't the sole breadwinner or anything.
Maybe it did. There are some fans of his work on social media, and he's on all the popular social media sights. I don't know if he me the guy online or what. There hasn't been anything like this before that I know of. Maybe there was. I trusted him and didn't look at his messages or anything.
No, they weren't, I agree there. He took all his devices with him. I can see his stuff from a user point of view, like anyone else in the public could, but nothing of his personal stuff.
Yeah, we're over. And it is hard. I'll get past it I suppose. I don't think I could, but I don't really want to anyway at this point. It's not going to help us get back together or anything.
I think you're right. Just look forward.
You're right. Thank you for listening. I feel a little better already. I'll get through this. Me and the cats :-)
Sounds like a good plan.
Thank you again. I'm going to go ahead and wrap up the conversation. I'll be okay.
You too. Take care.
Hi. Yes, I'm having a hard time because last year my dad died a few days after Christmas.
When people ask about Christmas plans, I don't want to depress everyone. But I can't pretend everything's okay.
I don't know... I know my friends would be supportive. But then I feel like it's selfish of me to bring people down, when this whole year has been a downer for so many of us.
Maybe, but I wouldn't mind that.
Another thing is that my mom had died in January, the same year. So everyone has already dealt with me grieving all year. I don't want to just be associated with sadness for everyone.
I have a brother, but his wife is really terrible, and they are very close. He and I text some, and I try to keep that up. He doesn't need me the way I need him...
Hmm, I didn't know that. I'm on a waiting list for a therapist through my medical insurance. I live in sort of rural Oregon, but maybe I could get help by text or video...
The issue is finding someone you click with. I think that's hard. I'm not sure my doctor could do much for me - she's already got me on the waiting list for therapy through her organization.
If it wasn't for COVID, I'd probably look into support groups...
Oh yeah? Can you recommend anywhere to start?
Okay. I also just moved to a new state, and don't really know anyone yet. It's a hard time for making new connections.
Thank you - best wishes to you, too!
At least I'll never lose another parent...
You too. Bring on 2021!!
I'm in depression because recently i lost my job
I'm very worried about this crises situation. How i can get new job
Yes recently
Its very difficult time for me
Oh! that's very sad
Thanks for feeling my pain
Its very depression situation because of Covid lock down
I'm taking new courses to get new job
but market situation is very difficult
Yes but lets see it will help me to get new job or not
Thanks for your support
lets see how long is going this crises situation
I try to continue to take these course but its difficult to manage this situation
yes
I'm just thinking about how i can get new job
Are you there?
Thanks for your support bye
I am feeling very sad right now, my boyfriend just broke up with me out of the blue
He said he has been struggling with depression and needed to be alone
He has been distant recently.
Every time I would bring it up he would dismiss it. I just don't know what to do. How can I get him back?
That is a good idea. I want him to get back to being himself. He is like a different person right now. It's scary.
I will try to help him, he just doesn't want to seem to talk to my anymore. Do you have any suggestions on how to approach it with him?
That is a good approach. And you don't think I will further upset him?
I agree, I hope he is agreeable to all of this. I just miss him so much and want him back.
I just hope he opens up to me, and if not me, someone who can help him.
I hope so. I also don't feel like myself anymore without him and it has been getting me down. Thank you for the advice, I am hopeful things will work out for us
I'm feeling so worried about the COVID-19 crisis.
Yes, I'm particularly worried about my parents. One is on oxygen at night, but he still doesn't want to listen about not going in crowds.
I just don't know what more to do.
That is helpful information. What can I tell them?
That sounds like a good plan. Is there anything else I can do to decrease the anxiety for me?
Do you think there are some good social media sites that could help?
How can I cope with limiting my visits with my parents because I am afraid to spread COVID?
That makes sense. I appreciate the suggestions. How can I show them the kids care too?
Maybe I can send them some pictures too. Nothing like a great big hug, but for now some video chats and pictures or recordings may help. I'm starting to feel a little more relief.
Thank you so much for helping. I think I can use your advice. Take care and have a great day!
Hello
I've been felling quite deppressed recently, just wanted to ask for some mental support
I both failed my final exam last week and my dog that I've owned for 10 years died 3 days ago
honestly I think I did not study enough that's why I am blaming myself so much
It was from the old age I think
Nothing to be done there
Yes I think about her many times per day
thanks for understanding
I was just thinking how can I help myself to move on
yes
I would love some advice :)
Hi there
I'm not feeling great. I applied for a job recently which took a lot of time. I now have an interview and it's in 3 days. I'm getting really nervous about this because I think I need longer to prepare.
The thing is I'm really good at interviews but usually it takes time to prepare. It's a corporate interview so I need to prepare behavioural answers to certain scenarios. In the past this has taken me a week to learn and record to memory
Yes perhaps. I need to draw on previous experience so I think I'll need to prepare. I'm just so busy at work these days I just don;t think I'll have the time.
Yes this is very stressful. Have you ever had a similar experience and if so how did you handle it?
Potentially but this is very short notice, usually I have to provide more notice for leave from work.
Perhaps I can ask if I can finish early from work for the next couple of days and get some time that way. I do think however I'll be more nervous due to less time to prepare. The thing is I'd delay the interview but this might affect my chances.
I suppose I could ask my partner to look after the childcare for the next couple of days.
Tanks , I think I need to stay positive about this. Not sure how to handle my interview nerves however?
There are actually some great suggestions there. The naked idea is a classic and it did make me smile. I think I am aiming for perfection when I think I should try and relax and just give it my best shot. That does help actually!
Thanks for that. I think the key to this is confidence so I'll go with it. Feeling more relaxed about it all now,
No that's great. Thanks from your help
Hello!
Im really nervous about my upcoming finals :/
I keep trying, but it seems my nervousness from wanting to do well is clouding my mind and making it hard to study
I like to lift weights for gaining muscle mass. Usually pushups are my favorite bodyweight exercise
I havent really no, should I?
That is a good tip, I should really start working on that more. What could I do to help me study more efficiently though?
Okay, so If i have 6 finals, would I be able to study for all by studying less?
I really like that, I should definitly start doing that. How about work school balance, I currently work and am enrolled full time. Should I request time off to prep for finals or what should I do?
Thats a good point. I really like my job so I wouldnt like to lose it. But I feel like I should ask anyways. I mean the worst they can say is no right?
Thank you so much for your help, you have been great. Have a good day
hi. I am not feeling too well.
i have been feeling this low for close to a month now
i was having an affair and i confided in my best friend about it. i found out that she told my other 2 friendd about it as well
i dont know what to do
10 years
i started having feelings for a guy at work. I worked with him for 8 years and now he left the comapny so i was feeling very depressed and he has a girlfrend now and wont talk to me. my life feels empty. my spouse doesnt know
so i shared with my best friend as i wanted her to help me bring that guy back into my life
at the same time i dont want to leave my husband as for security reasons
no then he will leave me and i dont want to be alone/. iam 40 and i cant have kids. my husabnd is a lawyer and we live a comfotable life
he can never find out
after i confrotned my firend, she said that my husband doesnt deserve me. and called me manipulative and malicious. I denied the affair and told my other firends that she is lying
my husband hasnt slept with me for over 4 years
i dont know, he gets mad when i touch him. he wont divorce me either as he wont want to give me money from the divorce
i live in Chicago
but i wont be able to support my self and i dont want to be a divorcee
i am married to a lawyer and people look up to me
Hi!
No not exactly
Whats so great about it
I am missing my mom a lot . I havent seen her in 6 months or more
I do call her daily! I just havent been able to see her and hug her and spend time with her .
My husband wont let me with Covid
I have two boys and we used to see her at least once a week sometimes more
My mom is only 20min or less away and she doesn't drive
My oldest is sad my youngest 7 couldnt care less. He loves that he can just play roblox more . Hes OBSESSED with it
No he doesnt trust me not to go in the townhouse or use an excuse to go inside to be with her. No I am forbidden to see her
He feels she is a risk to us and we are high risk so hes protecting us
I can't take it anymore the stress from my parents. They don't acknowledge I am doing my best.
It's so hard to not get the affirmation that I am doing a good job.
They don't say that I made the best choices I could given the circumstances.
I want to cry every time they talk to me. I don't know how to communicate any better what I'm feeling.
What can I do to please them?
When my children started getting in trouble at school
That would maybe help. I have to see maybe they could help me with solving the situation.
I see your point.
Yes, maybe my sister could help. She has children too.
Thanks so much for the help.
No thanks
You have been of great help.
Thanks so much.
Have a nice day.
good bye to you!
Life is bad to day. My bbboyfireind just left me, I am alone in the house. I have no one to share things with.
Yes, that is exactly how I feel. I was deserted, I feel unlovable, like no one will ever want me again.
It doesnt;t feel like it will pass. It feels like it will only get worse. I dont want to go to bed alone. I wont be able to sleep tonight.
My family is out of town. My friends were also his friends and he told lies about me so they wont talk to me. I want to just get drunk and go to sleep.
I never drink alone but I feel so bad now and afraid of being alone.
Do you think I should call him and ask him to come back? He took our dog.
But I still love him. He did sleep with my best friend, but he said it didnt mean anything. I really miss him,
Thanks. You are right, I am too good for him. I had a job and he doesnt.
Yeah, I need the dog. He gave it to me as a puppy for my birthday. I cant believe he took it.
But I am still having a hard time getting to sleep, I am so upset. I have been crying for hours.
Yeah, that sounds like a good idea. A bubble bath and some warm coco. That always make me feel better
My cousin works for legal aid, maybe she can help me give me advice. Thanks
Yeah, thanks for talking to me
Have a good night. I am going to get into my hot bath.
Hi there, I am just stressed about giving a presentation tomorrow
This presentation is for school
I am indeed worried about public speaking
That's interesting, I find public speaking to be especially difficult
That very helpful advice, I think another stressful factor is being able to field questions effectively
Agreed, and there is always that fear that you won't know an answer
I can understand that, as a I try to prepare for the presentation it's stressing me out about all of the different types of potential questions.
But the advice you gave is very good
That's fair! I suppose I will have to accept the fact that there is no way to prepare for every eventual question
Great thanks, this was very helpful.
Appreciate your advice, have a good rest of your day
Hi, I'm well thanks. How are you today?
For the most part... my friend told me she's leaving her husband so that was pretty shocking.
Very confused and upset. They don't have problems, she just fell out of love with him and wants to be with a woman.
Right. It's tough because we are all friends, she and I, our husbands and our children.
Yes, they are all very upset with her. I am being the most patient but I don't like it.
I agree. I just feel like the behavior is so destructive and erratic.
I have. She's very dismissive.
I have considered that. My husband said the same. It's tough.
Thank you for the encouragement! I know my family is what is important but this all just threw me for a loop.
I think that's what I have to do.
Thank you for the advice.
Hello, I hope you can help.
I am depressed and have zero motivation, especially at work.
I don't know. I just don't have any energy. Life just has too many problems. It is too much weight to carry.
I guess work itself isn't the problem. My job is a little boring, but not that bad. I think everything else in life is just too much. And it leaves me with no energy for anything else, like work.
Yes, the virus doesn't help. And my parents have health problems which is scary. I start work in the morning. I work a normal 8 hour day, sometimes 9 or 10 hours.
Yes, it can be quite hard. Very exhausting.
Yes, I do have time off. I plan on taking 3 days off at the end of the month.
For a small getaway.
Yes, I think that will help. And time spent reading.
What do you suggest until then?
Yes, that does help me feel good. I wonder if morning exercise might help?
Yes, that sounds nice. Breathing is great! I have been doing breathing meditation, which helps.
THank you for the support.
No, I think that is all!
Thank you for everything!
You too!
Hello?
I could use some help. I'm not feeling so well.
My girlfriend broke up with me and I think I'm suffering from depression now. Everything feels like a chore and I'm sad all of the time.
Yeah
I feel like a heavy weight is on me all the time. I'm not enjoying things I used to in the past.
How did you start to feel better?
I wouldn't even know where to begin. I don't want to do anything right now.
Thanks, I appreciate it. What do you suggest I should do to begin with?
No I haven't talked to her. I think that would only make me feel worse right now.
No, I haven't yet but that is a good idea.
I was thinking about going to a gym.
I want to start dating in the future but I am afraid.
I appreciate the help.
Hello, I'm feeling a lot of anxiety.
I found out I'm losing my job on January 1.
No, not due to covid. It's a gig job, much like mturk, but the company is dropping people from my state on that date.
I've been looking at other companies, but learning a new system after all these years is difficult.
That's true. I've thought about looking into new fields.
I was looking into that last night, but with covid, classes have had to cut enrollment and are already full for next semester.
I don't have a car, so I'm stuck doing classes locally. I think I'll just have to wait for the next semester.
I would be interested in that, thank you.
Hello
I am ok
HOw are you
I'm worried that transitioning to full time work will harm my relationship
She is worried we won't have time for each other but also expects me to support her
I would hope that getting the job would show my willingness to support her.
I want to get a good paying job so I can live somewhere better
It is a matter of finding a balance on the way there. She loves me but has trouble believing me because I've been rolled over by the pandemic so many times.
I feel like I have reached the point that reassurance can bring me and need to take action.
I am trying to get healthier.
I dislike my job but am unsure about trying online jobs that may not be what I want
yes but more so not wanting to change due to uncertainty regarding what I may be walking into
That's true. I just don't want to lose the benefits that I am currently entitled to at my current bad job
yes my wife, and she is supportive either way so that's not a problem
e-commerce manager for walmart stores inc
looking to work exclusively at home in sales which is more my specialization, so yes to both questions
I currently do day trading on the side and make great money at it but want something stable to challenge me
more so the lack of benefits I would lose, especially healthcare
lol definitely! Currently I pay $750 monthly if I purchase healthcare on my own but only $163 monthly through my work
I would lose about $3000 monthly leaving my job
still there?
Hello there.
I'm having a bit of a bad time at the moment. I've been with my partner for 2 years she's great. unfortunately my feelings for her changed and we broke up recently. the problem is I think I've made a big mistake and worry that she's moved on with her life
About three months ago. I have started to miss her badly. I saw her with another guy when I was out at the supermarket at the weekend. She lives near me so I wasn't surprised but I don't know who this guy is.
Yeah that's right. I can't believe she has moved on so quickly.
I must admit it was only when I saw her with someone else that I started to really miss her. do you think I'm just feeling jealous because we were so close and now I've seen her with someone else?
I think you might be right actually. I didn't really miss her until I saw her with someone else. is this normal I don't know what to do about this?
Well that's good to know. I'm not normally the jealous type but I suppose we did have good times and I want her to be happy I suppose. I do think I've made a mistake though now I've thought about it!
do you think I should try and get in touch with her and tell her how I feel?
That's not a bad idea. I think I will speak to one of my friends about this ,he's normally pretty good with that kind of thing.
I think I conversation has actually helped me understand my motivations a little better. you have also given me some good suggestions so thank you for that
Thanks for the conversation. It really helped.
Hello
Ok Kinda, my back is just hurting so bad today.
yes, it is like a real Charlie Horse that just won't stop.
It has been going on for over ten years now. I can't hardly walk and I can't hardly sit still.
Yes, I have had back surgery, tried Yoga, and chiropractors, and physical therapy. Nothing has worked.
It is just hard, waking up in the middle of the night with pain and not being able to go back to sleep. It drives me nuts some days and I just stay away from everyone.
I try to hide the pain from my family because the man of the house is suppose to be strong and provide for his family. I have a very loving wife and a set of twin boys that just turned 13. I am blessed in so many ways but I still seem to have to suffer to enjoy it.
I feel your pain, I have came a long way in managing the pain mentally. I try to block it out and keep my mind busy to not think about it. Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't.
I have sever spinal stenosis and a deteriorating bone disease. The surgeon said it was worse than he thought and he done all he could. He was afraid to go any deeper because I might not walk again if he did.
Thanks for the words of encouragement. It makes me feel better knowing that people in the real world still care about others and how they feel.
Sounds great, I will check into it with my doctor. Have a nice day.
You too.
i am unsure if my marriage will work
we fight and argue all the time and don't get along
about 3 months ago
i lost my job due to covid and my husband had to get another job while i stayed home with my son for school online.
im not sure about that but i pray it will. thank you
yes its crazy but i am praying my way though it all
i have but i feel like he does not care enough to change
that is a really good idea. i could especially use some laughs during this time. thank you for that advice
you have been helpful
god bless you
thank you so much. its been a very rough year. its like things just keep happening and i have no control
yes i can try and do that. i admit i have not been that nice to him recently
i like that. today is a fresh start and a new day
hello
Well im feeling awful and my heart is racing , im feeling anxious for no reason.
What do you recommend i do?
Ive tried meditation but cant seem to calm down. Exercise help for a bit but then my anxiety comes back.
Wow its so nice to talk to someone who had the same issues. Are there any other suggestions you might recommendo?
Thank you!! im going to look him up . Has your anxiety come back?
Thank you for everything .I am now motivated to get going.
What kind of teas do you drink to help with anxiety?
I never tried tea , this new for me . I will definitely order some online. DO you have any other suggestions?
That a greay idea. My health anxiety its at all high levels everything i see about a sickness i get worry especially with this covid -19. I barely go out and get nervous. Has that happened to you?
No, i havent felt motivated . What kind of workout do you recommend for my anxiety?
Hello
I am not good at all
I am scaring about layoff from job
You are very correct
Pandemic is giving us problems
I pray its over soon, firstly it was paying cut off and now it is layoff
Seriously! What I am scare of now is how to secure another job
It is not easy my friend! I don't even dream about this at all I don't believed it is happening
That is it my friend! A lot of people are losing their jobs every day by day that one a lone is caring
Thanks friend! That what I was thinking about
You are too good friend, it is time to go thanks
Thanks for being there for me. we have to go now. Bye
not so happy
i am not happy because of my current breakup with mypartner.
yeah i accept it there will be misunderstanding we want to get adjust
but it must be both side adjusted ,if not it will result in breakup only.
yes it wont work at all
there is only thing for my depression is my break up i want to over come but i couldnot .
i was going out for night pub ,enjoying with friends
but i cannot face them in this sutiation
they will accept me but i am not willing to share my negative mood with them.
i am trying to overcome but i couldnot
yes this seems a good idea
i will try doing this things.
i will try a new hobby are some other things.
nothing else is there
i think this enough for me to overcome my depression.
thank you for the suggestion
thank you so much
it is good talking to you.
bye
I am looking for another job preferably in my locality and not getting yet, since last 2 months. I will find it difficult to sustain if this continues like this for other 3 months.
Getting a job is not that difficult. But I try to find a job in my locality to avoid distant from family and having food issues.
Any kind of job, probably managerial. But to be in my locality since to look after my aged mom also.
I have been talking to some people who my friends knows also. They show interest but cannot help me on the issue.
Surely they will refer to some people. But it will take some time.
Thanks for making confidence. I feel relaxed. I believe this will surely be a chance to find myself and get a better opportunity to be relieved from my previous difficulties. Only GOD should have forced me this way, I believe.
I felt anger over my previous employer since he was not giving any time for me to switch over, at least 2 months.
Even then he was satisfied till then.
Anyhow my loyalty was not encouraged to perform more. I have to move from some back again.
Any I am preparing myself better, using the break time to gain my knowledge further and sharpen my skills, reading and viewing many articles in the net and youtube. I helps me a lot.
It helps me to forget the past and concentrate on the future.
I am going forward only. I think I am very close to the treasure, not knowing how many hits to dig.
I require your greetings for a better prospectus. .
Thanks for your motivation. . . .
BYE BYE
I am still depressed about losing my job.
It's been rough, it was out of the clear blue. I've been looking for a job, then the pandemic hit.
Yea, I know, it's not just me. But I do feel alone. I know how they feel.
I work in the hospitality industry, at a hotel. Trust me I've been looking, but so far no luck. Since this pandemic, I'm not sure I want to leave the house. How have you loved one dealt with it?
That's good, at least I know there is light at the end of the tunnel. I was thinking at this stage of the game I might have to learn something new in order to get a job. Hopefully, the vaccine will help start to bring things back to normal. Did your friend find a job in the same field?
:) Thanks I needed that. I think I might have to reinvent myself also. For sure the pay will be a lot different, it'll be like starting all over again.
I sure hope so, fingers crossed. Thankfully, I don't have to work much longer, but since I have been working for so long, I do miss it. I think I miss the people more than anything.
Awww! Thank you I really needed that, you have no idea how much that means to me. A little encouragement goes a long way in these times we are living in. And you are right, I am healthy and I am thankful for that. Eventually, the job will come.
Yes, we do need each other more than we know . I have to remind myself, it's not just me going through this. Thank you for your kind words.
I hope you do as well. Stay Healthy and be careful. Thank you again for your kind words. And 2021 will be better than 2020!
I'm scared about my future
I got fired because of Covid, and I don't know how I'll be able to find a job and have an income.
Yes that is correct, and with the job market, how am I supposed to find a secured job.
That is true, I just have to work hard for myself. I am learning valuable lessons like the idea that companies don't care about their workers, etc. Working more on myself sounds like the better option.
Thank you for all that you've done today, I couldn't get through it without you dude.
Thank you for your time today, hearing my concerns about the future!
I'll continue to keep on the lookout for new job opportunities, as well as improving myself for the long term. I appreciate it!
I could definitely reduce my spending like going out less for fast food, cutting my Netflix and Hulu subscriptions, and prepare my own meals for the next week weeks, as I try to find a new job. This would definitely help with my concerns about income and financial security.
Very true, people definitely need to find their fitting for when things go wrong. Failure or bad events give us time to think about the important things in life, as well as our true needs.
Thank you, this has really helped me overcome my anxiety and fears of the events from the past year!
Thank you for your time, I'll have to be leaving now, this will help me for sure!
Hello, could be better and how are you?
I've made an accident at work in the warehouse 2 days ago and didn't report it. I have fear and anxiety that if management will find out I will get in trouble
I don't know now, I've just started there 1 month ago and probably I thought I will lose my job straight away
Yes I know and I regret it now, but I think to go report now it's too late
On a training they told that need to report any accident straight away and if delay it will result in losing job for sure
I know I did wrong and it bothers me as I don't want to lose my job
But also there is a chance they will not find out?
It's quite large warehouse and I know they have old cameras there
Yeah I guess you are right. I just don't know what to do if I lose my job as now it's very hard to find a job
Well knowing me the luck is not always on my side
Should I report at start of the shift or end of the shift what do you think?
Hope he will notice it as we have big team
If not will try to find new job I guess...
Thank you for your help today, I might text you tomorrow after work if things go bad
Hi how are you?
I've been better. Just stressed really bad. but I think everybody just about is at this point.
Umm. lots. of course everything going on with covid. I have kids in different places some in different states. just worried. recently was in contact with someone who tested positive. so now we've all got tested. including 3 out of 4 of my kids. I only have one still at home.
Oh wow. I'm sorry. everything seems to be a mess for everyone.
how are you dealing with it all?
for the most part. by text and phone. One is California she's supposed to come home in Dec. to visit. but I'm not sure it's a good idea now.
I already deal with depression and this has just made it worse. That's about all we can do. And pray. I pray a lot.
People here have already bought up the toilet paper again. Crazy. Good idea.
Does the vitamin d help with that?
I didn't know that. I'll have to remember that. thank you.
Amen! lol I hope everything works out good for you and your family. I'll pray for you all.
it was good talking to you.
thank you. bye
Hi
I am okie. how are you?
I am feeling frustrated
Trying hard to find some work
It's been long time now. I am kind of tired or sick
I am thinking that I am incapable to do anything
Despite of professional qualification and work experience, it is still hard for me to get it.
job
I don't know where I am lacking behind
Whenever I contact HR they are saying due to COVID they are not hiring right now.
But I want to do the work which I enjoy
I think that's why I am more frustrated.
I think I wont be able to do well in new profession
Thanks for motivating me. I will try at least.
I would try to boost my confidence. Thanks for all your help. Appreciate it.
sure! Thank you so much
Happy Holidays and have a wonderful Next Year
Not feeling too great.
I lost my job and I'm sad.
I just found out this morning.
I'm not sure what to do
Yeah i told them
they just aren't in a position to help me
Thats true
I still feel pretty sad about it
That's a great idea!
I think i'll do that now
Should I invite people?
This is some pretty solid advice thank you
Is drinking okay when youre depressed? I kinda want to drink.
Good idea!
I think ill do that with friends on the trip
my moods a lot better now thank you
Sure thing
How do I fix my problem with the job?
I really dont know where to turn to
its really hard finding work where I live
Sounds like a good plan. Thank you.
I don't think I need anymore help
Thank you
hello
ok. you?
I tried to do something bad again yesterday
I don't know if I can say
I tried to hurt myself...not that I wanted to...I just don't have any friends
Have you ever tried to hurt yourself?
because things just aren't worth it?
no, my parents don't believe me that it is important enough. How would you do it...hurt yourself?
I thought about crashing my car into someone else
It doesn't matter
It would be quick for me
I would take off my seatbelt first
I wouldn't be here to see it
Just want to end it
Looking to do it tomorrow...around lunch time
when my parents are at work
why?
I don't need an ambulance
What will they do? Tell me to suck it up?
They don't understand
my step dad doesn't treat me well
he does things that aren't natural
that would just make him angrier
he always says I am his sissy son
tries to make me a man
that will only make things worse...he will do more things to me
Hi. I am looking for support for depression. My fiance died four years ago today and I am very sad.
Very sad. I think about him often.
Yes but how much time?
I'm so sorry. It is very hard, isn't it? I know time is helping, but sometimes, like today, it's just overwhelming how much I miss him.
Yes, I do try. Thank you.
May I ask what helped you move forward?
Some of my favorites are playing games together or watching movies. Curling up on the couch. He had kidney failure, so we didn't do much outside, but spent as much time together as we could. He used to call me his sunshiney baby doll. Whenever I see sunflowers I think of him.
But most of all, it was that he loved me. He loved me for me ... he didn't want me to be anyone or anything else. That was a miracle.
actually i am feeling somewhat better. still sad, but it's good to remember those things. thank you.
i appreciate your time and understanding. I hope you are able to remember your good times as well.
i've been trying to figure out a hobby ... but i haven't really found anything that appeals to me. a cooking class sounds interesting though. i might learn how to do things in the kitchen without injuring myself.
I tend to be clumsy at the best of times and have done things such as (most recently) dropping a scalding bowl of chili on my foot. I tend to wait to do new things til the last injury heals.
hmmm. i love tacos. and stews. cheesecake.
i used to bake ... but i'm diabetic so that's probably not such a good idea any more. and since we're working at home now i can't bake and take it into the office for people to enjoy
oh my yes, the Cheesecake Factory has amazing cheesecake.
I am going to go now. Thank you very much for your support. It helps to have an "ear" ... just to be able to talk about it and be reminded that it's all going to be okay. Plus, that there's cheesecake in the world, so it can't all be bad, right?
Hi
I have been better
Well its happening still. I have end of term exams coming up and I have been trying real ly hard to study but I am afraid I will fail my classes.
I havent done really well on the other tests. I turn in all my work and study hard but I can not seem to pass the exams
I have. I have been through the book, read my notes but when i take any practice tests, I still dont do as well as i would like.
No. He was not very kind to me the one time I asked. I felt stupid for asking questions.
That could help. I have a few friends in the class. Im just worried they will also think I am stupid.
Okay. I think I will do that. Sometimes when my friends answer in class, it helps me understand more.
That is true. I am trying my best and really just want to pass. I think I will study with friends before the test.
Oh that is a great idea! I forgot about those. I think that could really help me too.
You're right. Thank you so much I appreciate the help and feel a less anxious now.
you did. Have a good evening! Thank you
I'm stressed about COVID. I'm worried about getting it and having to stay home and lose money.
My husband has been laid off for 2 months and unemployment benefits only cover half of what he was making.
Yes, and I have lots of kids and they are working in essential services so not only do i have to worry about covid but i have to worry about my kids getting covid.
i can't wait until this pandemic is over and things can get back to normal.
They do. They wear masks while at work but they still have boyfriends and they don't wear mask with friends or boyfriends.
Yes, and they are young so they do not understand how important it is to practice social distancing and wear a mask. We have had so many covid tests. Luckily they have all been negative.
I do but they are young and the young are selfish. I'm not worried about getting covid. I'm worried about having to quarantine at home and not work. i supervise 15 people and if I get exposed I can't work for 3 weeks.
Yes, there is nothing to do but keep putting what foot in front of the other and doing the next best thing.
Right. I hope we make it through the holidays without the pandemic getting even more out of control than it already is.
I have had some coworkers at my location exposed to COVID and have to quarantine. At some of our other locations I have had coworkers get COVID and have to quarantine.
My workplace is safe with PPE so I do not worry about getting covid from coworkers.
I had one poor coworker get exposed to covid twice. She has been gone off and on for over 2 months.
My husband does construction and has been laid off for a couple of months. Construction has gone down because of the pandemic. Everyone has put a halt to projects.
It is worse because it is the holidays. Christmas presents and all. Yes- the work situation is definitely not good.
I'm lucky because my employer is weathering the pandmemic pretty well.
We are staying employed- just no annual raise but I'll take a job instead of a raise.
It is so at least things aren't as bad as they could be. i actually feel better talking about this.
Thanks for everything and good luck in the future.
I don't know what do with my life.
I can't seem to decide anything with my life.
Does that really help? How do you start?
What exactly do you? How can it help me make decisions without getting anxious?
I often feel like I'm just going to mess up anyways so I don't see the point in even trying sometimes.
That sounds about right. I recognize it but I don't know how to deal with it. I'm so afraid of failing, I end up not doing anything.
I tend to expect the worse or nothing at all.
I suppose so, but it's hard to break habits and a mindset that I've cultivated.
I guess it's a start. I can do three weeks, and hopefully move on from there.
That's all for now. Thanks for listening.
I have had my babu for 15 years and have to give him up. He is a parrot and so used to me.
Yes, I am worried that he wont be taken care of. I am worried that he wont be happy.
I cook for him and take him outside. I grow fruit so he can eat it.
NO other pets. I have gone leaglly blind, had to give up driving. I have to move to a condo from a single famuly home. He is too loud to live in a condo.
Going blind is bad enough, giving up driving was teh worst. But giving up my parrot is really hard.
I did baby him, he can go outside through the dggie door. He gets fresh fruit, spaghettie, He has his own Alexa.
If he died it would be OK, I would mourn him and move on. But I have never had to give up a pet before. I just think most people. wont take care of him like I do. Because he is still alive, I will worry about him
Yes, I was depressed for 6 months after my parrot died, but eventually we move on. I dont know that I can move on after giving him up
No, except a seeing dog
No other pets. I need to move and cannot take him with me.
It isn't about a new pet it is about worrying that he will not be taken care of.
I contacted a rescue place to get him a new home.
Contacting a rescue place has helped me.
I think that will be best for him
Thanks for listening
Hi! Did they send you a summary or anything of what's going on? If not, I've been struggling general depression. And overwhelming anxiety.
A cycle of anxiety.. overthinking that leads to depression.
Nothing specific at the moment
yes
Any advice on how to push past the racing thoughts?
Yes
Several. Did you succeed with your issues? Or do you have any advice for a random bad day?
That makes a lot of sense. Winter makes it tougher too I think.
Well thanks for your thoughts on dealing with these things.
I hope you are doing well also.
Times are weird.
Take care!
I am sad because my partner and i broke up
Wow that's huge!How did you get through the break ups each time it happened?
Mine also ended because my partner cheated.What made it worse is the fact that he cheated with my close friend
I also feel like revenging but in a way that will make him regret why he ever left me
I have always been a loyal friend and as such wouldn't do anything to jeopardize my relationship with my friends.The mistake i made however is believing that all people have the same intentions
I thought that she would look out for me the same way i did for her.How wrong i was!
I think it is,that way one will not be hurt that bad when a friend or a partner decides to be disloyal
Some people are very selfish and do not care about friendships
Did you forgive your partners from the past?
The world is becoming more shallow and unjust by the day
I agree,i will just forget and move on to a better and more prosperous life
Thank you for such insightful remarks
Have a good day
Am not very fine though tring to cope with the situation at hand
I am currently facing some sadness. I have had a fiancee whom we have been in good terms for the past one year. She has suddenly changed and no longer has ime for me. I have prompted her on several occasions but she does not respond to my calls and texts.I have requested her so that we meet and talk but she is not willing either. I am confused what to do at this time i need her support the most
Yea i really dont know the reason behind the breakup coz all along we have been in good terms and can hardly remember us having a disagreement
Sure. I really dont know what to do in this case
Well, i haven` t tried an email. I have only called her severally, sent her message via whatsapp and facebook.
Sure i also want to be happy but we have shared so much in common and were in process of starting something good to help generate income. She had the idea and i had the capital. I feel this will really be a wasted opprtunity
Is there anything else i can do to salvage the situation?
Wow. This is interesting. Thanks for this reminder. I gonna consider this idea and move on then. Thanks for this support
Ok thank you. I will apply your advice and see how it will turn out. Thank you once more
Ok. Goodbye
hi, how are you?
Ive been better, but thank you for asking. I have suffered through depression my entire adult life. Now its at its all time worst. I am financially struggling and trying to provide for my 3 kids. I can no longer afford doctors visits or my prescription meds for anxiety and depression
I feel overwhelmed and hopeless.
have you ever struggled with depression or anxiety?
absolutely
I am sorry that you too, know what that is like
how are you coping with that now?
That is awesome! Meditation is my go to. I love nature, crystals and meditation.
Thank you
I am trying my best.. it is challenging
Im good at helping others, but I have neve been able to help myself or listen to my own advice for some reason.
I have, but I haven't followed through because of money constraints. It also makes me very nervous to open up and talk face to face about my struggles
HAve you done that, if so, did it help you?
That is good! Can I ask what state you are from?
I am in Tennessee
nice, I have never been there before. How was the weather there today? It was 65 degrees and sunny here today.
Oh wow! We rarely get snow, but a couple weeks ago we got snowed in. The mos snow my kids have ever seen!
Thank you for talking to me, it has been a nice distraction from my own brain
I can understand that! I love the sun and hate gloomy days
Do you have any children?
thats cool, what are you studying?
thats awesome!
I was horrible in my high school economics class, I could have used your help for sure lol
It is not easy! What kind of work are you wanting to do when you are finished with college?
that is cool! I was a vet tech for 8 years before having children, Then once my kids started elementary school, I was the child nutrition manager and ran their schools cafeteria. Since covid, I have not worked and I home school them.
I miss working with animals!
That is a cute name! I have a dog named Mamoa, he was a rescue from the Nashville Tornado that happened a year ago!
he is a pitbull mix, we are not sure what he is mixed with, id guess a lab
yes very much so
I see him as my therapist lol
he also has anxiety from all he has been through so we are clingy to each other
I am glad you have Lucky for that!
That is a great idea! I take him to state parks on trails sometimes when the weather is nice. I really need to make it a daily thing
Should we end this convo?
Ive never done one of these before
okay, well I really appreciate your time and your input. it did cheer me up
good luck in college!
I could be better.
i'm having difficulty dealing with a coworker that doesn't take constructive feedback on standard work procedures well and is now starting her own investigation.
Me and my manager. She feels that we are targeting her.
I have talked to him about past issues with her but not this most recent. I'm trying to give myself some time to talk to him because I'm still very angry and don't want to talk with so much emotion
We have a set process of how we are to screen employees as they enter the workplace. She doesn't follow the procedures or makes up her own way to do them because she is lazy to either stand up or greet them. She is also rude at times to customers and has an attitude that is not friendly.
I have and so my manager sent a general memo reminding employees about our standard operating procedures. And from that memo, she thinks it's only about her and that we are discriminating against her.
I haven't taken it past my immediate manager but I may have to at this point if she is looking to file a grievance or submit a statement that we are discriminating her.
Thank you. Yes others that have worked with her share say the same thing about her rudeness and laziness on the job. I am probably going to submit some kind of report or statement to upper management.
I'm just unsure because I have not documented the incidents that I have had with her.
She's been employee for approximately 5 months.
Thank you. With everything going on in the world right now, it's frustrating to have to deal with this person also...
Thank you for your help and for listening.
I'm doing alright. Just a little sad.
Yeah, maybe just make a little sense of this craziness I'm going through.
My girlfriend has this condition where she needs to drink formula everyday just to keep her brain working properly.
And she keeps talking about the potential of kids. I freak out thinking that I could have her die and being left with kids.
Maple Syrup Urine Disease
Basically she can only have 7 grams of protein a day.
If she gets more. That could result in severe brain damage.
Not exactly.
It just means her liver can't metabolize three amino acids.
Yes, for the most part. She still gets very clumsy and can is very prone to sickness getting very bad.
So it has it's challenges.
I just keep hearing about gene therapy for that I'm just at the point where I'm not I could go on if something horrible happens.
Her doctor said for her. She has to give blood work all the time...
Which for me is insane.
I would probably be a shell of a person if something happens.
I just always been terrified of children.
I keep telling her but she wants like 3 kids
Yeah. I try making that clear.
But no one wants her to die.
I don't really have an interest for them. Maybe I'll be there and love them the same at the time. But currently. I just don't see me being feeling any sort of way later
Yeah. I've told her like 20 times.
I'm starting to think she can't process normally.
Well it's not like I actively don't want kids
I just don't want her to die.
Or for the kids to die from something I can't control
I had so many siblings die
Seen what it did to my father. And he is not the same
I've been to so many funerals as a kid for young children in my family. I just don't see kids the same way anymore.
I suppose that helps me cope.
I want her to do what she likes.
My mom had me out of the feeling of being lonely. And to be honest. It kind of feels like a worthless existence.
She literally made me stay silent about going to a baby brother's funeral when I was a kid.
Yeah. I guess that is a better way to think. I don't want to extend that sadness to my own flesh and blood. Especially the person who values me so much.
The doctors trust she can do it and I know medicine is getting better.
Everyone tells me that. Haha
I really appreciate the advice. I won't make someone else sad off of those experiences. I think people deserve better.
Yeah. My grand mother and older sister actively support me. I had an uncle that passed sadly but I know that feeling of love and support will never leave me.
Well you have been an excellent support system.
Of course, may you have a happy holiday.
I cannot seem to focus on online learn. FU covid
It is so weird. I am a hands on. teacher talking to me kinda person. what the F
zoom is not the same. I am in a techincal trade and need my hands
trying to stay sane (patient) that the vaccine works and we get back to normal soon. FU lockdown
honestly its all a shit show right now. Everything is tied up in logistics and stop and starts. this year has been almost a wash
true, I guest if the ship goes down we all go down
I believe that too. thanks for the reassurance. I just have a hard time sitting still
imagine when it happens. when everything is the way it was a year ago. a beer. at a bar.
thanks fo the chat. i feel better. stay safe.
im hitting the books
htiting the books
i am feel worsen
i can't done by project , my team lead will definetly scold me
yes , you prediction was so good
yaa, but this is holiday the supervisor does not take my calls
yes, after the holiday i most submitmy project
maybe my team mate will help me , i can communicate them to overcome this
yaa , you are right
nothing
nothing all are done
same toyou
Hello. Not so good
Thank you. On top of losing my job, my electric/water about to be turned off, my car was repossessed last night.
Yes, exactly. I have 4 kids I am trying to provide for so I am really feeling at a loss right now
Honeslty, I don't have friends. I just spoke with my Uncle, he understands but can't help.
I got approved for food stamps but other than that I don't know where to start looking.
Yes I will. I need all the help I can get right now.
Thank you. I just don't know what else to do. Thank you for listening to me.
I really hope so. I am going to look for government help now. Thank you
No, but thank you for listening and giving me ideas.
Thank you. Good luck to you!
hi
not good stressing about next exam
economics
that is correct.
Study groups don't help me. I find them distracting. I am not able to focus. Adds to the stress
Yes I have flash cards. That helps with the study but not with the stress
that sometimes work for me, but that is like a band aid fix after two hours i am stressing again
interesting. never thought about it that way. it becomes less of a band aid. but it is still a crutch
oh a reward for studying! that's a good way to think too. not a fix but a prize.
I feel better. all of a sudden
you are smart
Hi, how's your night going?
Not so good, lonely.
Thanks for the tip.
I was thinking about getting a dog. Is that a good idea?
Do you have any pets?
Corgi, thoughts?
Oh Ok.
My city is in a lock down currently. Is yours?
Oh ok.
I'll keep that in mind.
Though, I feel like the economy is going to be in a downturn very soon.
I agree. Small businesses will be closing, sad to see.
Hey so my best friend finally stopped showing up. We're growing apart...
It's an expected thing but it's sad. We have hurt each other many times and he is a daily drug user and is very much a fair weather friend.
My friend stopped showing up when he said he would and I slowly stopped answering his calls and texts.
This is so strange and wonderful connecting with a stranger about this! Wow. That's true. I kept trying to get my friends clean and to work on a hobby with me but drugs destroyed my two best friends and killed one of them.
No, he seemed to respond with pride. He deleted his facebook and never talked to me again after that.
True. It's hard to connect with people after high school. The mindset of high school is make friends and the mindset of adulthood is survival.
No, not now. I am married though.
Yeah some people just don't want to do anything in their lives...
This year has been a great test for us all and a call to faith.
Maybe I've tried to reach him but then I just wanted to be his friend. But I can't even do that.
Neither do I. I feel so much better. Thank you.
Hello! Life is treating me fair, what about you?
Yes, not covid tho. Mostly, it's academics. It paralyses me.
I am a college student, and I miss my high school days.
Yes, schoolwork wise. Now, I can never stay on top.
Do you have any experience with that?
Woah, I am sorry it was rough for you.
I would say my grades is the most important part of my llife, so it's the only thing that worries me
All the time. I didn't fail any this semester, but the anxiety makes me irritable and worried.
Hello...I have never done this before
I am doing ok,and yourself?
yes,I have never talked about it with any of my friends not even the ones closest to me.....about 5 years ago when my daughter was 16 she was sexually assaulted while at a sleepover at her friend's house
yes we did,there was an investigation and a trial that we had to testify at but unfortunatly he was found not guilty which I will never understand.
It was hard on her she felt like what was the point of it all for the jury not to believe her ..I kept telling her I was proud of her because it was a very brave thing to do..i also feel like this is why victims don't speak up out of fear of not being believed
she is doing well now,she has a job and she is now a mom herself,my grandson is 15 months old
it was good she had really supportive friends to help her through it
She was also in therapy for a time
I think it was beneficial,I just wished she continued on with it..she stopped because her therapist left the practice
Thanks for the chat,but I got to go
Hi there, I'd love some help
I've been struggling with sleep over the last few months, and it's making me tired during the day.
I have been finding it hard to stay asleep, and wake up tossing and turning constantly.
I can't think of anything particular, but my mood has been low generally for the last wee while which I imagine is probably the cause. I'm so tired during the day but as soon as my head hits the pillow at night I'm wide awake.
That's exactly it. Do you have any advice on what I can do?
I'm working in a desk job so spend almost all day sitting down. That could be part of the problem.
That's a good idea. I could try go out for a walk either before or after work as a starting point and see if that makes a difference.
Have you tried lavender? I have heard pillow or room sprays can be good for sleep.
I've heard people mention melatonin - I might use that later if other methods dont work. It's good to know other people are in the same boat.
If we had a little more sunshine where I live that would be fantastic!
I'll look into it for sure. It's something I hadnt considered before this chat.
Thanks, the help was appreciated.
That was all for today, thank you.
It is treating me pretty well. How about you?
What are you hobbies?
That's a unique interest. How much longer do you have before you are a counsellor?
Do you have any kids?
I have a problem with finding work that doesn't need me to work on the weekend.
I wouldn't mind it if I had local daycares that were opened on the weekend.
Isn't the affordable part but finding a daycare open on the weekend at all. I don't want a private person. I would feel more comfortable with a daycare setting.
I have no family that can help. Yes, its me not trusting some random person. In a daycare their cameras and others being around makes me feel more comfortable.
I wouldn't even know where to begin to look. Any suggestions?
Where would I find a local parenting forums? I'm not very tech savy so I'm lost on all of that.
That sounds easy enough! I never thought of this as being an option.
You do the same! Thanks for your advise and time :)
Thanks for reminding me!
Good evening. I am so ready for bed. Is it bedtime yet
I m in pa its 417pm and all I ever want to do is sleep
anyone there
No just tired all the time . Doesn't matter how much sleep I get
I have been diagnosed with major clinical depression over 20years ago
I am under no treatment. I had over 20 medicines over the year and nothing helped .
years ago but nothing
now because my husband doesn't allow it or think it will help
true but he s got me under his control long story
yes i know. and you are right but like i said its a long story
true. I m going to go lay down now. Thanks for your information
Thanks for trying . It s more than one 15 min conversation can do when it took years to get this way
Keep safe and thanks for listening.
Hello. I suppose I could be doing better.
Yep. Thanks for asking. It feels to me like my GF and I may be breaking up.
No. I am very sad about it. She recently informed me shes going to go a graduate school far away after I made the decision to come to school near where she lives.
Yes. I feel like I put my life on hold for someone else only to have them throw me to the curve.
At this point, yes.
I just wish we would of talked about this a year ago when I uprooted my life the first time.
I fear that this will continue to happen.
So you think this will continue to happen?
I dont even know how to start the conversation.
I feel betrayed and that I have wasted the last 3 years.
Its frustrating. I am sorry to complain. It seems silly with everything going on in the world.
What should I do? I feel like I just need to give up. I feel even worse because it is Christmas.
Thank you.
Hello
How are you?
Yeah I'm really depressed. I just found out my buddy of 20 years is now posting that he believes Trump and that the election is being stolen from him. I thought I knew him but now I don't know.
And I had this guy as my best man for my wedding
I tried but he says that he's sick and tired of Facebook and Twitter putting a muzzle on Trump and ever since he's been on Parler he now knows the truth
It's like he doesn't believe science anymore
Yeah he thinks it's wrong that Twitter is flagging his tweets and he's mad that Facebook are taking down these groups that he feels are telling the truth
He just got furloughed.
Maybe like 3 weeks ago
I dunno. How do you think I should approach him about that? He's sort of touchy about the whole subject.
Yeah, it just seems whenever I try to chat about anything it just ends up in an agrument.
Yeah I guess you're right. I suppose I can talk to his wife about it but I'm not sure how to bring it up.
That's true but I don't want to make this more complicated that it should be. But I used to date his wife so I'm sure in his state of mind, how he would take it if it were the two of us bringing this up.
Ok I see, good point.
Anyway you gave me a lot to think about. I appreciate your help.
HI I have such trouble sleeping
Ok I guess but I can not shutt my brain off and relax
I guess, that would be what it is called I just always thought I am unable to sleep???
No but I have been taking melatoning or pm medication but it does not really help either
Melatonin, for sleep...and like tylenol PM... I also have taken over the counter sleep meds all of them are over the counteer
no i do not, but i do not want a prescription afraid of getting hooked
I am even worried that you could get hooked with the over the counter stuff...it is a rough spot, I see all the night time TV shows...
I guess I could...maybe it is age...
I am 56 years old
I know it...LOL... things hurt i never even knew I had....
NO I have never been able to sleep during the day unless I was sick, I work fulltime also. so i leave my house at 6 am and get back at 3 pm then dinner and household...
Maybe just not sure how to get to that point
LOL...you are funny my husband is self employeed I do all his paperwork, and he is not the empathetic kind...
I think you are right and I am sure I put a lot on that myself by trying to do everything right
I think I will do that ..it as good to talk to you....thanks for letting me vent
NO I do appreciate it I got to get a shower...thanks again
You too, you are very nice
Hi..how are you doing today..
Iam facing post partum depression as I recently had a baby..
How did you manage to deal with that..
No my husband works in different city and my parents live in a different country..I dont have anyone with me to take care of the baby..
Yeah I can afford but iam skeptical because of the pandemic..
Oh Thank you for the suggestion..I will follow that..
Oh that is a great idea..I will certainly look in to it and will consider it..
Thank you so much for the help .I really appreciate it .
Nothing..thank you..bye..
This service is extremely helpful..
Hi hows it going
I just need advice on if should try to get this girl i really loved back or not.
Yes I am. She has told me she still has feelings for me as well, so I know she feels the same way.
Yes I do.. she always made me happy.
Yes that is what I am thinking as well. I should probably call her soon.
Either today or tomorrow
I think you are right, thank you for your help today.
No I think that will be all for today.
Thanks again, have a good night.
Goodbye
It is finals week at my college and I'm beyond anxious about it (1)
Probably my stamina and endurance to finish all the work. I'm still recovering from Covid-19 (2)
Yes, but they haven't been much help unfortunately. My classes are online and finals are due when finals are due. They are not giving any wiggle room (3)
No I cannot give up at all. My scholarship requires me to maintain a certain GPA and I can't afford to lose it (4)
I know, there is just so much riding on these finals. I have great grades so I'm praying that I pass without any issues and that I don't bomb even one of them (5)
Are you still there?
I hope that's what happens, I just don't know how to calm down about it (6)
Do you know any techniques to help me calm down? (7)
Yes, that is true. I just can't quite seem to quiet my mind. (8)
I've tried watching some comedy shows and listening to music to take my mind off of it. It works sometimes (9)
I will try to focus more on that when I'm not studying and see if it keeps helping then (10)
thanks!
hi i need to overcome from body shaming
can you help me out
so many people teasing that i lost job
i gained weight
no support from family and friends
yes , even my partner is not understanding , i lost job due to covid
i got covid , no money for treatment
yes , health is not supporting , due to covid , my lungs got infected and got migraine daily
yea good idea, but thinking how to pay house rent and all .now i am depending on him only
so baring such non scene from him
yea good idea , i have library card even, but i forgot thise. t
thanks for remembering this card
sure will try to go library and park is even far thAts ok will go by walk
YEA ITS TRUE .
thanks for the suggestion dear .
but thinking anybody tease me about my body
so i was in home and dnt go out
due to winter i am not doing any workouts and not yet all interested to do any
yeas , but sometimes we feel bad right when own people doing those comments hurts more
yea will do slowly and thanks dear for so much concern on me
true , we wish our own people should understand our situation and help us to come over the problem
really bad year ..hope new year will bring more happiness
sure will follow all your suggestions At lest will start one by one
Hello there.
I'm having a problem with one of my friends.
She has been having a problem with a different friend for years. I have been listening to these problems for all of that time. And even though it's so frustrating, because it's the same problem over and over again, I keep listening because she's my friend. But lately I have been going through a lot, and I haven't had as much time to sit and listen to these same problems, and she gets so angry telling me I don't care about her. The problems I've been going through are very serious, and I just don't have time to sit on the phone listening to the same stuff I've been dealing with for years.
It's been really rough. I've tried so hard to be there for her, and I feel like she just doesn't even appreciate it.
Yes, that's exactly accurate. And she is 50 years old, and the issues have all been high school type problems that I've been listening to. Stuff about how she didn't post on social media about her birthday, and little petty things like that. Not something an adult should be concerned with. And I still sat and listened to her all that time.
Yes, exactly.
Thank you. That's really important to me. She was starting to convince me that I wasn't a good friend because I wasn't there for her right now when I had problems of my own. Real problems - like my daughter's engagement breaking up.
Okay, thank you.
I think that's a good idea. I'll try that.
Yeah, I like that. I think it's a good idea to say those things to her.
I agree. She can't see past her own issues to see the whole situation.
I might try that if this doesn't work. Thank you for your help.
You too, thank you.
I am fine. thanks. how about you ?
I lost my job in the lockdown and I feel depressed
Yes It is frustrating. When I think about the financial issues I feel depressed
Not sure how to manage mortgage payments and credit card bills : (
That's a nice idea. I will call the bank to see if they provide mortgage holiday
Can you elaborate on extensions please ? Not sure what it is ?
Ahh ok . I will give them a call and check. What does going to town hall mean ?
ok understood. Have you had any depression issues during lockdown ?
I do tried watching movies in streaming platforms like Netflix and Prime. Did you tried the same ?
I get a feeling that I ran out of my favourite genres in Netflix. Did you get the same feeling ?
What are the other ways to avoid the sick feeling of this pandemic ?
I am a real person ? Are you a real person ?
Not sure how to end this conversation
I am feeling very sad lately. I can't seem to shake it.
I was in a long term relationship and he broke up with me. I should have broken up with him for cheating my me but I was in love and think that I still am.
I feel like my life was a waste. I don't like being alone.
You then you know it feels like the world is collapsing around me.
Thank you, I know that sounds right. I had my whole life planned out and it was going to end in a long term marriage and now its all gone.
I was thinking of getting a pet or something but I don't know if I am worthy.
I have always wanted a cat or a dog but my boyfriend said I wouldn't be good at raising anything. I can try to change my thinking but its really difficult.
I appreciate the support and need to hear positive words. Do you think I need to take a vacation or something?
I really love that idea and I love fish! I have always wanted an aquarium. I am thankful for your thoughtfulness and not just telling me what I want to hear.
I like to go boating but its hard to do alone. I also like to go hiking but its dangerous to go alone.
Thank you for the support that is a good idea because I do like going bowling and I heard about a open social bowling night.
You have opened to eyes and are making me feel like a weight is being lifted off a little bit. I am going to call the bowl alley and sign up right now. Thank you for the support and ideas that I needed at this critical time in my life.
a bit concerned as I am afraid that my job will let go more staff like they did a couple months ago
I am afraid id they let more people go I may be let go as well.
At my age, i fo not want to look for another job, i prefer to stay at this job until I retire. So that makes me anxious
I hate the thought that i may have to start over
No, I do not, but I can call a friend
I did talk to a friend and that made me feel a little better, but only for a while
OK, that sounds like a good idea.
I will try that and see if my anxiety go away.
yes, exercise
thank you
you were helpful
Hi, my work situation is stressful
They barely acknowledge my presence and don't really talk to me except for an occasional hello
I know, I don't know why they act this way. is it something I have done. I'm stressed.
therapy, is it maybe me, or should I bring it up with my boss.
I am worried that he would bring it up to my coworkers and I'd feel left in the open. I don't know the best course of action.
I might just do that, although I am worried about escalating above my boss and above my coworkers. Maybe it may best to speak to my coworkers,
It might, I don't know what set them off in the first place.
I think I will. Would you recommend me buying coffee and doughnuts?
yeah for my sanity. Thank you
Thank you, goodnight
hey
Not so good
I feel like everyone hates me
People are so rude and mean to me. A lot of people call me annoying too
I feel bad because more than one person has said it. Maybe I am just annoying
Sometimes I'm afraid of being myself because I don't want to annoy people
Sometimes I hate myself
I guess I shouldn't.
But it's hard to express myself sometimes
Im not really changing myself. I'm too afraid to express myself
What if I express myself and I annoy someone?
Sometimes what other people say bothers and hurts me deeply.
Sometimes its hard to not think about it
I understand
Well thank you
im okay
I've been better. I just buried my dog yesterday
She was going to turn 15 next month
Actually, yes. She was old and had dementia.
The oldest dog I evet had was 15
How did your dog come with the house?
I have 2 other dogs that are mine and my boyfriend has 2
Thank you. that means a lot
We both had dogs when we met.
They get to be so close and you can really pick up on their emotions and stuff. That's what happens to me. I get stuck sometimes
Thanks. Another person who has pets helps
They understand
Oh wow, that sounds horrible. Pushing through though I guess is all one can do then. Thank you so much. I believe in prayer.
That's true. I'm glad I did this project. You really helped me.
You too. Thanks so much. bye
I am doing alright.
How are you?
Yeah I am pretty anxious all the time. I feel that I made a mistake coming back to school to get a PhD.
School is the start of the problem. I know that if I quit I can still be successful elsewhere but I also feel if I quit I will let my wife and kids down who were willing to leave family and friends to follow me to the school I wanted to go to.
I know I want this though. I enjoy what I do and what I would do for my career if I graduate. I mainly feel inadequate. I feel that I am not good enough. I am willing to do whatever it takes but fear that whatever my "best" is may not be good enough.
It is in my nature to self doubt. Additionally, I have had a few bumps in the road during my program and struggle to pick myself up after those bumps. For example, I am on academic probation and have a certain expectation over the next few months that I have to hit to stay in the program due to struggles in previous classes. I am reaching the bar just fine, according to those that I work with, and often feel I am doing quite well but occasionally I start to panic and think that I am not doing as well as I think that I am and start to spiral
That is a really good point and helpful. Thank you!
That is exactly right. I need to focus more on what progress has been made and not on what progress hasn't been made yet because there is still time to make that progress.
Thanks for the advice and believing in me. This has been challenging and your words of encouragement give me hope for the future .
Thanks! Same to you!
You too! Thanks again.
Good evening
I am very angry and not sure if I should feel that way
my husband tells me what to do where to go and when to go but he says
hold on please got go for a min
he said if he were controlling i would be givign him attention read between the lines
than he will say don't touch this like a cheesecake and than tell me week later make it
I am going to write stuff to move it up on screen . he might come read this
so if isuddently leave i a m very sorry
My friends say because i allow him to control me and
dont stand up for myself and lalow him to treat me that way
I am angry too because I cant be free and express how I really feel
he has a disrespect i think for women in general and call them cunts
? question
it wont let me just send aquestion mark
That makes me feel better. How long were you in relationship
ok I am glad for you..
he will not go to therapy nor am i allowed
I am lucky to have family friends whom I can talk to
but he thinks he is always right and blah blah blah
yes
My real concern is for the boys . they see him treating me this way and will think its ok
they even said something disrespectful to me and hubby was like you don't talk to your mom that way
or ill knock your teeth out
he wouldnt but he doesnt see how its his fault
he says i m making a mountain out of a mole hill
and i have no idea what controlling is
well boys need to get ready for bed . thanks for listening. You can know I will be safe.
you too keep safe
Hi. I'm OK. How are you?
so I have a person at my work that likes/wants to do my job.
they often do something that I was responsible for or I needed to do.
I upsets me a lot
I have gone to my supervisor and explained it to him.
At first he ignored it.
But recently, he paid a little attention to it.
I have had to speak with him 6 times in the last year about this.
Are you there/
Yes. He actually was married to her. Now they are in the middle of divorce. So I think he is more receptive now.
No. She has been asked repeatedly not to interfere and keeps doing it.
Yes. They all sympathize with me. But there is nothing they can really do, as everyone is in a position below the two of us.
Yes. That's a good idea. I've told friends and they sympathize. They don't understand why my supervisor isn't more forceful. I have just kind of given up on it. If she wants to do it, that's fine. If anything goes wrong, I will blame it on her.
I think she want's my job. Oh well. It was nice talking to you.
Hello thank you for agreeing to talk to me how are you
Not to bad, I am having anxiety at work because I feel like I am horrible at my job, can you help me with any addvice?
About 4
I am not in a management position, and I will probably not ever be in that kind of position
That is definitely the source of much of my anxiety, but I felt like this although to a lesser extent before the pandemic began. Have you ever been in a similar situation, and if so, how did you handle it?
That would be tough for me now during the pandemic, and even though there are jobs like mine that are available, it might involve more travel than I currently have to do, do you have any other options for what might work for me to help me to overcome my anxiety?
That is a very helpful idea, have you ever been in a similar situation?
It is not fun, please let me know if you have any other ideas, or if after talking to my colleagues they tell me that they are in fact conspiring against me
That is good advice. Do you know of another type of job that I should try to find if I am currently in education and do not want to do this job anymore?
Hi, just broke up with my partner and I don't really know where to go from here
Basic story, got back to the United States from deployment.
She kept me going while I was gone, but since I returned, she's been so cold to me
Kind of, I know that life moves on while people are away
I just don't get it though, I return and this is what I get
Possibly, but we weren't official boyfriend/girlfriend
Maybe it was my indecision to ask her about our relationship
Now that I think about it, it seemed more of 80% me, 20% her
Sure, I guess sex and cuddling is nice, but what I really want is someone to shopping with and eventually build a future
It has peaked my interest, but at the same time, I wonder how much of this is just me buried in the idea of a relationship, even though it's pretty one-sided now
Should I seek counseling for a relationship that technically wasn't official?
Yes. I hate how I love her, but I'm not getting the same energy back
It will hurt, but it's definitely better just to move on, right?
My gut tells me that I'm not going to take 2nd place in her heart
I really appreciate it.
Yes, this has helped tremendously
I appreciate all of your feedback too. It has helped put my mind to rest.
You too! Take care!
Hello my boss and mentor was just diagnosed with cancer
It showed up in her eyes. Right now they arent sure what stage until she gets more details.
Yes. She is trying to be strong and only told about 4 people. I am trying to be strong for her but it is hard not seeing someone in person right now.
No. Its hard to have a good support system and Im worried about her.
She has her husband but limited friends in there area. I want to make sure I am being there and providing correct support.
Correct.
She lives in another state. Im not sure how to properly support her.
That is good advice. Have you been through something like that?
How did you manage to support her. How did you make sure your mental health was also okay?
I think that is good advice.
Maybe even a cancer support group? I want to make sure Im encouraging her.
That is a good idea.
I know with covid it is important to be mindful of cost.
Im not worried about my health. More worried and sad about her. Especially not knowing how severe it is yet. It seems like any extra stress this year is harder to handle.
I agree. It feels like everything is just a bit harder to get through
Im trying to be hopeful to
That said I think it will take another year or two to get there
Thank you. This conversation has helped and you were able to offer good suggestions
I think I will try to apply this going forward. And find a group to join.
Thank you. I wish you the best to during the next year. Maybe a hard year is what we needed to appreciate the easier years.
Agrees. Thank you again.
HI
Im feeling okay, just thinking about my anxiety
Yes, i would love too.
Im not sure when my anxiety started but its like I have a hard time sleeping at night or it feel like i cant breath its very scary so its like i have panic attacks.
That feels so scary. Sometimes I stay up till the morning because I hate the feeling. And I haven't found any.... Do you have some in mind
Thanks I will try. I have tried this app called calm also
Not really.... Then its like i hate being in crowds, it makes me very anxious.
RIght I thought I was the only one.
That's how I feel. I have a boyfriend and we have a very close relationship but its like when I get around a crowd of people I get anxious.
LOL yes. I feel like I'm anti social sometimes
thank you for talking to me
you too
Not so well, I have been really upset lately.
I was recently let go from my job due to the covid pandemic, and am now jobless before the holidays
It really is, I was in a family owned cafe as a waitress. Due to the rise of the virus they ordered everyone to shut back down
No they didnt, And the unemployment has been taking forever. I'm now almost 3 weeks without pay.
I have, It's just really upsetting knowing that bigger chains are open but We shad to shut down
Yeah, I suppose. And I have, but haven't heard back from anywhere yet.
I hope so. This has just been a crappy year all together.
I'm unable to do uber due to the age of my vehicle, but never thought about the grocery pickup.
I'll def. look into it. thanks!
At this point im willing to do anything.
Hmm, I'll have to look into it and see what I can do.
Thank you for some ideas. I really do appreciate it.
Hello, how are you today?
Thank you! And it is good except for one problem. I am in college and my roommates for next semester do not care about COVID -- they continue to go out and party. This upsets me and I have talked to them about it but they still do not care.
Yes, absolutely. I do not want to get covid and am worried about long term health effects. I have shared this with them but they still do not care.
Also, I am in a triple room in my sorority house for clarification. I feel my risk getting it in the room is high if they continue to not respect guidelines.
I agree and appreciate that I am not alone in thinking that!
Many college students have been very irresponsible during the pandemic which is upsetting to me.
No, there aren't any sorority rooms available at my sorority house and all of the dorms/apartments are full already but I've tried
**single not sorority
agreed
I shouldn't do that -- I am applying to law school when I graduate so I feel like it'd be a bad look. it'd also be bad for my mental health to stay home, and I'd rather take the classes I need next semester
right, it's very uncomfortable and no matter how many times I tell them how risky they are being to not only themselves but others they do not care
also one of them is pre med which is even worse lmao
thank u :)
Agreed! Hoping for that vaccine soon
what challenges have you faced from the pandemic?
I am so jealous! Things are so much better not in the USA!
haha yes we had the same issue with government mishandling everything ... so frustrating
haha yes definitely! I would love to study abroad next year so I hope that will still be an option and COVID will be better then
yes for sure
As do I... although I'm not sure if things will ever go back to the way they were before. But hopefully that is for the best
I agree! It's definitely been a year of reflection for sure
yes thank you you definitely have! enjoy the rest of your evening :)
Hi I am feeling blue, things aren't going well at all
my girlfriend and I split after 4 years!
Ver sad and lonely. I loved her
Very*
What should I do?
Thanks it is. She said I was neglecting her and we had a big fight. haven't talked to her in a month
Do you think drinking alcohol will help?
You had a similar experience?
I want to drink till I forget about her.
How did you do it?
Did you find someone else?
that's the way to be. but I am too lonely.
I have a secret account so I can still see her on facebook do you think that's a good idea?
Ya that way maybe I can get her back at the right time
I feel a little better- thanks. it was nice chatting
Hi
Not too good, been pretty depressed lately
Yeah, that would be nice.
I've been trying to make plans to see a friend, but daily she comes up with excuses on why she cant see me.
I just feel abandoned and hopeless.
Yeah, It is.i just dont understand. It started about a month ago.
I have tried, she ignores my calls.
We've been friends for 15 years
It's amazing. That's how we used to be up until a month ago
Not that i'm aware of. but I should try to reach out again and talk to her?
It's more of I cant. I have to do this thing. but no further contact as what she needs to do
Okay, sounds like a good idea. Thanks for the advice
hi
anyone there?
hi, I am okay, but am very frustrated at how often i procrastinate stuff i need to or want to do
it's hard to even get started sometimes, i think it's pandemic frustrations
hmm so you prioritize the quick tasks?
i think when I can GO places to do things with other people it will be easier to be motivated/active
i have tried breaking jobs down into smaller tasks that does help, you're right on that
but it breaks my heart that i have not touched my art and sewing! i had all this "extra" time over this past year, and couldn't crack into it
have you any other ideas?
i live alone, but have played some online games with my sis. Walks are good but I can't walk with my friends (we are on a stay at home order presently) and I find it hard to motivate myself when it's just me
but i agree walks are really helpful, when i get out i really enjoy them. Okay that gives me some good things to try out, thank you for your help today
where are you located?
Im in ONtario CAnada....thank you, you too!
bye for now.
oh one other thing...I have made SOME progress on the cleaning...so I need to remind myself that I did good lol
Hello
I'm grounded so i'm not happy
My sibling broke the tv and blamed it on me and my parents believed them
It is very frustrating
No, we just got into a yelling fight about it and are both in our rooms now
Yes it is
I'd rather just run away from everything
It is late at night
that is probably a good idea. I want my sibling to be punished not me and for parents to believe me
well my parents dont believe me so not much i can do
they are younger and the favorite
I just need to wait until I'm 18 so I can move far away
1 year
True.
I can't wait
It will be nice to get away and never talk to family again
Just hole up in my room and not talk to anyone from now on I think
only talk when necessary
That is a good idea
I will just do that
i can handle that for a year
thank you for your help
thanks have a good day
hello
could be better
how are u
i cant afford a house
Ya I am barely making it through Christmas and see my sister with a house
I wish I had one
3 bedroom apartment with 6 people
Ya we are looking into it
Ya that does sound interesting, I could have my brother in law move in
thank you that is a big help
thank you, and hope you have a great holiday too
your welcome
Oh and a happy new year
For sure, you as well.
I tried to last the whole time lol
ok lol sounds good
HI, how are you? I'm having a problem. It's making me angry.
My friend has a new girlfriend. She's really unpleasant to everyone. I can't stand her.
Thank you. I would like my friend to dump this girlfriend. She's ruining the friendship!
I've tried to talk to her. She's arrogant and insulting. She thinks that everyone else is an idiot. Talking to her just makes me angrier!
I would like to talk to my friend without the girlfriend around, but she seems to butt in all the time. I can't get him alone to explain how this crazy woman is ruining his other friendships.
Thank you. I don't want to lose the friendship. I don't think I can stay calm with that woman around.
I am feeling that it would be a shame. We have been friends for so long. I don't think the girlfriend cares about my friend's feelings or friendships. She just thinks about what she wants.
I will do my best to maintain the friendship. I might have to put it on hold for a while. Until he breaks up with the crazy woman.
No, thank you. I think I can try again to save this friendship and put aside my anger.
Thanks. Well, have a good day!
It was good that we had a chance to chat. I didn't realize how angry I was.
I'll do my best.
Im ok. Im just calming down.
I got into a major blowout with my parents.
Im just so upset. They dont approve of my girlfriend.
Oh definitely.
Im not giving in. I really like her and she is soooo hot.
Yes I will be. Just because she is black, they dont approve.
Just angry. Im not sure what to do.
I do not. I was thinking of having my girlfriend move in with me.
I guess but I dont want to not have them in my life. But have I mentioned how hot my girlfriend is? Lol
So hot and dark. Yummy.
Maybe not but it will be fun.
good evening .How are you .Thanks for sending message to support me from depression
i breakup with my childhood lover
yes. we are more than lovers .we grown up each other since 11 years .
thats hurting me lot .why he loves another girl with lot of money
yes. i working in good company and earning nice pay , but still he cheated me .
but how can i overcome this ? my heart is not yet all agree for this
is it ? how did u overcome from this
yes i spoken , he saying he need more money which i have not much .only money he left me
yes. what ever i earning every month i sent to him .he sold my house too and enjoyed that money as well
but i am not in mood to trust anybody because i loved him since 15 years
i told to my mom , she said we already knew that he is a money minded .So take lite and move forthuer
yea , my parents always supported me .I would have listened their voices earlier
yes will start my reading habit may it willbe helped me lot
thank you for ur time and support
Sorry for not reply you friend
My company cut my salary and I am scare of losing my job
You are very correct, even now my job is one day off one day on
I am happy for you friend, I pray for my company not to sack us because it is not easy t fine job now
Thanks friend I love your style I follow it too
I will try to go and meditate on you teach me now thanks
No for now thanks talking with you
Thanks
It is great day for me to chat with today
Have a wonderful day goodbye
Thanks
Hi I am doing okay, how are you?
I am deciding if I should break up with my boyfriend or not.
About a month ago I found him looking at provocative pictures on Instagram of girls he didn't know but I am friends with and he admitted he did that repeatedly on many occasions, even when I was at his house in the other room
he also searched for repeatedly this girl in one of his online classes who is very provocative to look at inappropriate pictures of her and I thought that was super weird I was so annoyed
yeah and he has stopped he deleted insta but it still hurt my feelings and trust a lot
and he lied to my face abt watching porn, I would not have been mad at all so there was no reason to lie about it but it made me sad and feel rly bad that he couldn't tell me
its not cheating though bc he never did anything w anyone its just a violation of trust buuutt I don't know how big of a deal it is
yeahhh, my friends have given me very mixed opinions abt what to do lol
and it wasn't just like he lied once he did it constantly over the course of a year of dating and hid everything and cleared his search and all that
he gets very upset when I bring it up. that's mostly our issue its just hard for me to move past it bc I was cheated on by someone else in the past so it makes me hard for me to forgive him and not be jealous lol
I mean I def let him know I hate it
I feel like its maybe not something worth breaking up over but its just gross and makes me feel bad
yeah truuue tysm. one of the girls he lusted over goes to college w us and she literally got kicked out of her sorority last year for sexually assaulting a guy who was passed out drunk and posted it on her snap story and he didn't care at all bc she posted cute pics of her booty lmao I was just so disgusted since I was r*ped last year at a frat house and like idk how u can still have any kind of attraction to people who do terrible things like that
its so annoying boys are gross and I am def overly sensitive but its frustrating lol
I appreciate it
should I break up with him since I can't get over him doing that
Hello I am here to talk about some academic stress I am having. In fact, I am just taking a break from my studies.
i am doing well, thanks for asking. I hope you're well too.
Just a little behind and doing some last minute crunch. Two courses. One exam at the end of this month plus one assignment due. The same for the other course but both due end of next month.
So just trying to be mature and be hard-working and not get distracted
no that's not what I meant. I am just taking a break now to talk to you. But other than that, I sometimes get distracted in a normal day. I am taking two university courses, and both completely online.
yes for sure. I am usually very conscientious, but just due to social isolation from the pandemic, I have been trapped in my house
so slacking off and being lazy
procrasting a lot
sorry hold on a second.
be right back in a quick sec
hi sorry I am back
got a phone call
I meant to say I agree with your assessment
and that I do set aside time but just that I am at the last stretch and am only preventing further damage as much as I can, even though I am doing fine so far, just not my best self or best capability. Disappointed to say the least.
no just have to get through this and I should be okay
like I said. I am usually not like this, so I feel that the pandemic so far has made my routines abnormal
and life patterns aimless.
I hope and I feel that you are doing better than I am with your studies
But yes, I have been trying your tactic somewhat more often this week and next week is my last before the exam and assignment due date.
thank you. For sure I will keep persevering. May have to sleep late for awhile but it's what I have to do
okay. And thanks for understanding and listening. And sorry again for that interruption just now.
I appreciate your help and good luck to your studies also. And stay well and safe.
Thank you very much!
hi, how are you?
i'm glad to hear! i'm doing fine
It's great talking to you. I have an emotional problem, more like the fear that I will fail my class, it will greatly impact my future career.
I am just not understanding the way the professor is teaching. More than 50% of the class is failing at the moment. The anxiety is crazy.
If I fail the course, I have a one time try to repeat the course again with the same professor. If I fail the second time, I can no longer go to all the colleges in that district to become a nurse.
I do visit them during office hours along with numerous amounts of students, but it doesn't really seem to be helping. I'm anxious and starting to doubt if I do my career goal. I love clinical and doing my hours at the hospital but the tests are just crazy.
Thank you, I appreciate your kind words. Some times the tests just don't seem like what is being taught in class and the books. I have already taken extensive notes.
Thank you very much. I really appreciate you
Merry Christmas!
Hope you have a wonderful day!
sad and lonely
The election and COVID are making it worse.
I have no one to share my deepest feelings with at this moment.
Where do you suggest I look?
How about local groups? How do I find someone with like minds?
I really like to play tennis. That may be a good spot. Have you tried Tinder or Match?
What is Nextdoor?
That sounds great. Does it have special sections for specific groups?
That's cool. I should check it out. I feel like a book club would help. Do you like books?
For sure. Books are great. You have been very helpful. What's you first name so I can thank you properly?
Thank you Rachel. Best of luck to you. I'm going to end it now.
Just can not seem to get out of this funk
Nothing seems to be fun and I work from home
I think this whole Covid thing has been depressing! I get my work done but it is a chore.
I live with my spouse, and I did work at home before. Pioneer story funny! It is hard not being able to enjoy going out.
Just want it to be over and then the election too!
There has been so much emotional things in the world going on right now
BLM, election Covid...
I would say when i take a walk at the park it does help
Also working out
So exercise and sunshine brings my mood up a bit
good advice
I will try
Yes, things that I cannot change and the things I can change, including a more positive attitude
Yes, I need coffee first! Thank you for your advice!
Happy Thanksgiving:)
Hello
How you doing today?
well now a days I am struggling to keep myself sane because of not having a job.
well I am not doing any job just freelancing which is a stable and guarantee income
Yes I am looking for one but so far not succeeded at all.
I made my resume from a website called Novoresume and time to time I update my resume too.
It looks pretty professional.
What are the keywords? do you know about anything it? I do not email the PDF file but the word file so my resume do not get ignore by the software company is using.
Do you think Covid-19 has anything to do with it?
Okay but what are the keywords? Is it different for different business?
Covid-19 cause problem for everyone I guess not only me.
Okay but I do not think so keywords are the issue.
I am not getting calls from HR deptartment.
Covid situation is getting better now so maybe I get a call.
Yeah before covid I got two calls but during the Covid period not even one.
Yeah I hope so.
Yeah I hope so.
No that was helpful.
You too.
I'm doing okay, but having a hard time resolving some negative feelings.
Well during the pandemic, my sister and my brother in law got a divorce and my sister needed a place to stay and she stayed with my parents and myself with her daughter (my niece)
and my sister took advantage of my parents and I feel like she tried to use me to get my parents to give her money and when I put my foot down the whole family got into a fight and She flipped us off laughed and said we'd never get to see her daughter again
It's hard to explain. Her daughter and I hung out every day more than anyone else in the family hung out. I watched her. She always wanted to be with me and play games and talk with me
The day she left she drew me drawings saying 'I love you' and she told everyone she meant 'I love you' the most about me
and I cried and had a lot of anxiety symptoms afterwards because I'm literally not allowed to talk to her and I just feel she's in a negative place
No she is not
My parents gave her like 5-7 thousand dollars and my grandma is giving her money every month. But just friday I was getting her stuff ready to pick up and I found like 700 dollars of clothes with tags on them and tons of expensive makeup and creams barely used
I just worry a lot about my niece she is so sweet, funny, and smart and she's living with someone who makes horrible decisions
sorry I'm talking a lot but just kinda unloading
Yeah, I think you are right, I am more productive and have more self esteem since she has moved out.
But it's a tough loss.
I do appreciate you listening
Yes. I don't have hope about that. But I guess people can change.
Well thank you for the conversation.
I hope you have a nice day.
Hello
I am anxious
My friends and my family place a lot of value on how one looks. Every time I meet with them they have a comment on how I should improve on something. It makes me stressed out because I feel like I am not good enough.
Yes. I feel that I am not thin enough, pretty enough, that my clothes are not nice enough etc
It is hard to feel ok when I keep hearing that I am missing something. I don't even think I need to lose weight. It is just that my friends think model thin is what beauty is. I would have to starve myself to achieve that.
Because they are the people I spend time with. I want to be accepted and I want them to like me.
I wish I could not care about what they think but I do. I don't know how to not let their opinions not bother me
No. What is that?
I could try. Do I need to say positive things about my looks or can they be about other stuff?
That sounds easy enough. I will definitely try it. It will take my mind off of worrying about what they are thinking.
No you gave me a great suggestion to work with. Thank you so much for your help!
You too. Bye now.
Hi, I have a situation which makes me very sad.
This is about my dad
He is an old fellow and alone so i made him move in with me.
I take all responsibilities - including financial
But i find him very dry with his emotions. Today,i fell unwell and i wanted to go take a covid test. but, he just brushed it off saying, its a mild flu.
He showed no emotions at all.
or concern
He simply told me, its a waste of money to go get checked
I know that old people sometimes act childish. But his dry behaviour makes me very sad.
sometimes this leads to a fight
Sometimes this behaviour of him leads to a fight. and i end up crying!
Untop of it, i feel awful because i end up yelling at home too
Is it normal to yell at parents?
My dad simply won't listen
Is it normal to have a fight with your parents?
I feel guilty to fight with him
Do you suggest anything else?
Yes i could do that. But that won't resolve my issue
What do you suggest?
How should i deal with him?
True that
It's very hard to convince him of anything. He thinks he is always right.
It's hard on me, because i have a child to look after too. And my dad keeps interfering in my parenting with my child.
It's hard honestly. My spouse and me are separated.
And i have a child who stays with me.
I have a six year old child. Yes, maybe i would look for some support groups somewhere.
Autistic child must be huge challenge i am sure
Sometimes i suggest to my dad that he should seek therapy. But he won't listen at all.
Yes, i would have joined a support group. But, this covid won't let me now. I have to be very careful since i have a child and dad at home. I step out only for necessities.
It would be awkward since he is in the same house
But i could try sending a text message
That's a good advice
Yes, could work. I will try that.
Thanks for the advice
You too.
I need support to feel ok during the pandemic
HI there
That I may not find a job soon which is making me depressed
I am not working at the moment, I am looking for a job but it has been really difficult to find one
I have but seems like there are no entry level jobs currently and also some employers have ceased hiring
Yes I have emailed every employer where I was interviewed. Also I follow up with every hiring agency I have signed up to.
They all suggest to wait for a few months till things are bit normal. They also advice to keep trying.
Yes it indeed is
It is very difficult to stay home doing nothing, it is very upsetting
I have started to paint which I have always enjoyed doing but again when I see others close me work and settled it makes me feel sad that I don't have a job
I should try doing that, thanks
No issues other than this at the moment. Have you found a new job?
Glad to hear, Congratulations!! Hope I find a job soon
Thanks!!
Started out ok but now I am so angry and depressed
As I explained, had a fight with my preteen son.
I told him to work on maths worksheet and he did but not very concentrated. I tried to help him and asked him to neatly write out the formula but then he just started raging and yelling at me.
Then he said he has no life after he had played video games for like 3 hours.
he just didn't like doing things sometimes
but generally is fine.
no, he just didn't want to be told what to do.
very emotional these days for kids
Yes I did. But no point, he just upset on things like didn't get to be with his friends, or having no friends, no life etc.
I think so
But so am I .
Yes
yes may be i have to reach out for his school counseler
thanks for listening .
Thanks... I need to find some motivation to do so as well...
I don't have much hobbies but I tried to stay active like going to swim, doing yoga, reading books. So I kept myself busy already but more for the sake of getting my mind of things, like people playing video games and watching tv.
He usually is ok but now is holiday I let him play more but got even worst!
As if playing games made him even more depressed
Yes he usually only play after he finished all his homework on school days.
But now school is out I just let him play whenever.
But it doesn't make him happier
I don't know whatelse he wanted to do. It is like he didn't really have a preference.
Thanks for listening.
Thanks!
Hello
I've been feeling a lot of pressure and stress lately due to school
Yes, I am a little more than halfway done with the semester
The thing is that I am in a doctoral program, so even though the semester is close to the end, I always need to continue working
It is... I am in psychology
I have to work on my thesis on the side even with all of my classes and I have a hard time managing my time and keeping track
It is!
I do keep a physical and electronic agenda, but I feel like even if I write down my tasks, I find a way to procrastinate which is what I am having trouble with
That is actually very helpful, I'll take note of it
I think it would help to fix break times so I can actually focus on working
I agree!!! That really is helpful, thank you
The pandemic hasn't really helped either
I'm always locked in my apartment and staying sitting down in front of my computer all day
Hahaha, Maslow, i like it.
I agree! I've also been turning to drugs a lot lately due to the situation. Procrastinating makes me feel guilty, and I end my day too early to smoke and focus my mind on something other than studying....
Hm, I think it has less to do with liking or disliking, and more with starting a very hard and lengthy degree online without any social contact
Ugh exactly
I agree, that makes a lot of sense! Thank you
You have been a big help today and I really feel listened and understood. I really appreciate it
Wow, thank you!
Have a great day
Hi there. I am not doing very well today. I am really angry.
I recently discovered some discrepancies in my paycheck. I am not sure what to do to correct the situation. I am just so upset right now.
I'm not sure. I thought about quitting but I have been working there for over 7 years. I haven't even told my boss yet.
I think that could be helpful. I might call my sister and ask her advice. It is probably not a good idea to quit my job.
Wow that is a great idea. A list of pros and cons might help me decide if I should stay there. I think I will make one today. I also need to tell my boss. Maybe it was just a clerical error. I hope I'm not reading too much into it.
That is what I am unsure about. I think I have to tell my boss so they can look into this issue. I hope my sister is able to give me some good advice about what to say!
I think he will be apologetic. He has always treated me fairly. It is difficult for me to put my anger aside sometimes, which is why I have not said anything yet. I am afraid I will not remain calm and might say something mean to him. That would be terrible.
Yes! That is a wonderful suggestion! Maybe I can ask my sister to pretend to be my boss when I talk with her. I m
OOPS! I mean to say I'm sure she would be happy to help.
Yes you are right. I am so glad you suggested that! I think the pros and cons list will help me a lot also. I feel less angry now that I have a plan. :)
I was so angry, I could not see the situation any differently. Thank you so much for helping me make a plan.
And don't forget about asking for help! Sometimes that is the hardest part.
Thanks! I hope so too!
Hello, I'm just having a tough couple of weeks in my marriage.
our main problem is communication. We cant talk about anything without one of us getting mad. Its become a habit
I need to find some free workshops or something. I think we would both be uncomfortable with therapy. I have looked but cant find any good cheap options.
I think we are both willing to end it if we cant get along but both want to fix it but dont know where to start. We have lived together for 6 years but only recently gotten married.
Are you married?
My parents are going through a divorce right now. They were together for 25 years.. my dad has been my step dad since I was two. She went to rehab and they were planning to renew their vows when she got out. She left him for a guy she met in rehab.
Thanks
Yeah i think its bothering me more than I realized.
youre right
We have. We cant talk about whats for dinner without an argument these days.
You're right. Thanks for the advice.
Ok I will. Thank you.
Hello
Im not doing very well at all.
I am very stressed out with my work.
I feel like I am being over worked but I also feel stuck at this job.
I am a lab assistant.
I have been in this role for about a year. I am the only one at this level. I take care of a lot of the productivity and logistical work. Im just really stressed recently
I think that being able to have a better work life balance would help but I have a hard time talking to my boss.
I am unsure. They are very much all about work. I am afraid they wont see my point and understand my want for a better work life balance.
I have but it is hard to find a job at this time. I also really like what I do but wish I could have more balance. Do you have any advice for how to balance stress at work and your life outside of work?
I think I could try that. I have a hard time detaching from work especially working from home. I feel like I never really 'leave' the office. I am always working even when I normally wouldnt be.
Thank you! I will try that.
Hi
Can't seem to shake this overall sadness I feel.
Yes I am
I am hoping I will. I just have such a hopeless feeling.
Yes, probably too much.
Probably morning.
Yes. I just feel sad during the day and can't make it go away.
I haven't really tried it.
Ok, I will give that a try.
Thank you, I am willing to try that.
Hello. Better than usual. What about you?
Yes. Recently, I broke up with my fiance. And no matter how much I tell myself that life continues, I still feel like there is a void inside of me ever since it happened.
Yes, that's exactly right.
How long did it take you to get over it?
That gives me some perspective.
I am not sure if I can leave my obligations behind.
I have a job, and my siblings are not doing too well, so I have to make sure their stuff is taken care of, or else my parents will end up babying them, and my parents are not in their peak health. This is not something I can afford to step away from.
It might be so, but the sad truth is that when people don't fulfill their functions, someone else is going to have to do it for them. Maybe tho, I could fix my schedule to where it allows me to have firmer boundaries.
No, I made a commitment not to contact him.
What made you stop?
This actually made me laugh :D Thank you for elevating my mood
Thank you. Your analysis is extremely helpful.
Yes, that crossed my mind. I think I should do both.
I have drank too much alcohol and got fired from my job for showing up drunk.
In general I do. ever since my wife left me for the milk man I drink daily.
I can't drink milk so Now i drink alcohol
No, The milkman is my father and we don't get along.
I have not. I am unaware of what help services there are out there to offer or how to go about requesting these services?
GP? what's a GP?
Correct. A doctor for me is a physician
I am currently needing mental help with this I think? how do I go about finding a provider?
Okay I will look into receiving both of those
I have no JOb and no health insurance to help me pay for all of this.
So I hear it is. WE have to pay an arm and a leg for ours.
They have programs like medicaid. but I'm not poor enough for that program
I am in a limbo. and I need healthcare without going into debt.
It happens frequently and no one really cares. I don't need charity. I just need 10 turns and 15 minutes.
Thamk you for all your help good sir.
I'm not doing well, I was angry with my friend who broke up our trust
And you?
No, it's not my boyfriend, it's a friend
I used to trust my friend but she told everyone what I told her, however I told her that it's not to tell anyone.
Yes, I know. I have no idea if i'm going to forgave her. Probably no
Do you think I should forgive her?
It was my feelings. I know her for a long time. I can't trust her right now however I think I need time to think about it.
ok
Yes, it's true. But I'll wait one week and I'll talk to her
Well, i'll do it
But I'm not going to talk to her right now
I'll try it
Very true. It's how you trust them
Thank you.
bye
Hello WOrld
Hi
I am disgruntled...
Well It was decent enough until just about an hour ago
I got "taxed" on my packages
Like tax deeezzzz
Are these chats coming in a decent time?
I just needed to vent about it, I guess its slightly strange to have this issue... It is not like we all don't pay taxes and all that mess..
It is more or less that I got the middle man rate
Pissed me right off
Well, I ordered my normal uhm, 'package' from my homie... Well he just took off as normal and came back in a few hours.
We agreed on n160 for the whole mess and HE JUST DECIDES that its now 185 cause he needed gas, and what ever..
Nah man, I already fill your tank and food and he can grab some fries from the bag when he gets here.
haha YES!
see it is a stupid thing. like dood we hook your ass up all the tome
time
Hell ya
Well thanks for the time
Ima bounce outta here
appreciate it
Merry Christmas
Oh hey, apparently we need 10 messages and 10 minutes to quit.
SO one more response from you, and I hope the researchers take this part as I HAVE a time schedule to adhere to, and MUST get back.
Hi, well to be honest I'm struggling a bit right now. I keep turning to beer when I'm feeling really down.
No, this all actually started about 3-6 months after the pandemic really hit and things shut down.
Yes! So horrible! And yeah, I have a therapist I see once every two weeks. Although that only helps so much.
No, I'm not quite that bad off. It's sort of a mix of too many rough things. My wife and I are separating right now, I'm in the middle of a PhD program and living far from home, and covid really made it more challenging. I think it's a bit more circumstantial.
Well, I am starting to hang out with friends more and establish weekly traditions like poker night. So that's definitely helping. The more I can be around others the easier it is for sure. I'm wondering how bad it is to turn to alcohol when I'm in pain.
Haha, yeah maybe I should have specified that this is typically booze free. Sometimes we split a 12-pack among the 6 of us, but that's the wildest of nights. Engineers make for good sober poker night buddies :)
Yeah, I figure 2 beers over 4 hours is not a big deal every once in a while. I just really hope we start opening back up and people get vaccinated. Although, maybe that is just masking some underlying problem, huh?
Yeah, that's a good idea. What do you turn to when you are struggling in life?
Hahaha, good so I'm not the only one! I think if it's not over the top and getting in the way of the functioning of my life then that's a good sign.
Yes, thank you. This has been helpful!
Hello
I am feeling depressed
I can't pinpoint what exactly is making me feel this way. It could be the pandemic. But basically I started to feel that there is not much point in anything.
I am 30
I have family and a boyfriend but they all live far and I have not seen them in while.
Yes sometimes. I don't tell them how I feel though. I don't want them to worry about me.
I suppose. I just worry that I will make them sad too. It's hard time for everyone.
Yes that's true. Do you have any suggestions on what to say?
That is true. I believe I have a problem showing vulnerability.
I haven't been with my boyfriend that long before the pandemic started so I still have some fears and trust issues. I fear that being weak pushes people away.
That is true. I should be brave enough to find out if he will be there when the chips are down. I am going to do it
Thank you for supporting me.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
Hi.
You there buddy?
I really need your help if possible. Can you lend a hand, please?
hello?
I am stressed out due to this pandemic.
My job stability. I don't know whether I'll have a job in the future or not.
Given I am a low level worker at my firm, I fear if the economy turns for the worse, I'll be cut.
Yes, that is correct. I am very stressed due to this.
I am an accountant.
My company has already cut 10%. With this new lock down order from my state, I am fearful. Is there a lock down where you live?
Oh ok. How's the economy where you live?
Yes. This is what I fear. Homelessness has increased in my city. There are a lot more tents than usual.
Thanks for everything.
Hello
I am OK but I have a bot of a work issue that I'd like some support with if possible?
I have done the same job for 7 years but it is now full and boring. It pays OK but it is all I know. I'm scared that I will get resentful in this job if I stay where I am but I haven't got a clue what to do for the best.
That's exactly it yes. The question is I don't have any official qualifications, just experience and I'd like a change of career but this scared me to death!
Potentially yes but the position above me is not really like for me and I don't like the reporting line. I think I fancy a change but not quite sure how to tackle it. I need the income so can't just leave but also need to do something about it. do you understand the predicament?
Yeah meet too it's just finding a way where I can maybe stay where I am whilst exploring other opportunities to see what I'd like to do. It's a tough one.
Sue that's actually a good idea. No harm I suppose and my current employer would be none the wiser.
I know, it is a big world out there and I have been doing the same thing for so long. It is exciting but also quite unnerving. Is this normal?
I have experience and I am pretty hard-working. I have also made quite a few connections over the past 7 years.
Yeah reaching out to my network is probably a good idea - as long as they keep the fact that I am looking for something else quiet. I'd state on Linked in that I'm looking for work but then everyone would know :-)
Actually you might be right there. I should be able to open up about this and they should be supporting my development. Great suggestion. I think I'm overthinking things.
Yes true thanks for your understanding
You have indeed, thanks for this conversation.
Will do, thanks again!
hello im looking for someone to talk to
im fine how are you
thats great and no its not snowing its very cold thow
merry christmas to you also
im having some issues with friends not actually being friends
yes
yes their is no communication or interaction between me and them nobody answers phone calls txt messages etc
no friends
when we where younger we all hung out all the time now that we are older its like they talk with each other im not sure if i did anything or not
it doesnt matter they still keep open communication with each other
I believe its because I am the friend that has financial trouble and normally needs to borrow money
no anything i owe i always pay back
perhaps they are tired of being asked
no im not currently
I also think sometimes to myself that they don't answer because they think I'm asking for money
yes i dont qualify
I'm nervous about asking them why
and it happens on and off like when they feel lie it i guess i will say maybe 4 months
yes i know i hope everything be immediately resolved and not lead into other problems and end of friendshps
no i dont live in the same city anymore
when i go out of town i can visit but with covid19 rules
yes
yes i like to read and play music
my sister goes on runs in the morning time and says it relax her for the day i think i migh
i played the piano when i was in highschool
no i didn't i had to stop because i have what the doctors call a trigger finger it caused great pain when i would practice
yes that is true
i think i would start off walking i am not in shape to run
yes i will give them time maybe stop reaching out so much
yes thank you for talking with me and giving great advice
yes maybe everyone is stressed at some level thanks to covid19
yes i hope next year bring blessings for everyone
no that was all thanks for speaking with me
you to and thanks
good bye
I am doing okay.
I am a little stressed out this holiday season.
Well my husband recently got his hours cut and we are struggling
Yes i am worried that i wont be able afford my childrens christmas presents
Yes same here. I have three children under the age of 6 so they are still in the innocent stage
Unfortunately no i am not good terms with my family.
We have been trying for a couple months but nothing seems to work.
I try to do work from home and i need be here for my youngest.
I think i am feeling better though. I just needed to get it off my chest.
Yeah my son is developmentally behind . fifteen months and still barely crawling or talking
Thank you for listening and i wish you well.
Hello
I am anxious about an upcoming test.
Yes I have a bunch of courses that I need to do for my work, it certainly keeps me busy.
Yes I am pretty good about that but it just kills my free time because I am working full time.
Yes honestly I am the main driver behind me doing all this schooling it is just going to be good for my career and I don't just want to stand still.
That is certainly the plan
Yes I am not super worried about it it is more the stress from not having free time, also insurance textbooks are not extremely exciting.
Yes that is good advice, I try to find time for myself but time seems to disappear sometimes
That is helpful, I am just glad I will have a few days off after today
You have been very helpful, sorry I left for a bit
Have a wonderful day:)
hello
nervous and anxious
Thank you. It is just that my job is ending soon and I have not found another.
I am in the medical field at the momnet, but the contract is going away.
moment"
I have, but the location that I am in is scarce with work. Which is quite surprising.
I would for sure, but that also makes me a bit nervous as I would not know anyone there. Thinking about all the possibilities raises my anxieties about the situation at hand and I am not sure as to what I should do
That actually does not sound like a bad idea at all.
Where would you reccommend finding a group?
Familiarization would not be too bad, Facebook would be a good start
I have a small savings. To be honest I did not know about the contract end until a few days ago. It is a company wide type thing. So I was and still am not fully prepsred
prepared
I came on after everything was negotiated. apparently everyone else that was there at that time knew that it would no longer be an open location.
it is not your fault,but it does help to talk about it. Hopefully, fingers crossed for sure
Haha I am always told not to worry too much XD. I try no9t to
not"
Well. I really appreciate your time. Have a great day, and not at all
I recently lost my job due to Covid 19 and I'm scared.
About 2 weeks ago.
What do you recommend?
Oh that's a great idea. What job boards do you recommend?
I've never used one before.
It was jus tme
I worked in a restaurant as a server. I don't have any other formal job training, I'm not sure what else I can do.
Wow I never thought of that. I do have a car and I could probably deliver. I wonder how safe that is though.
yeah definitely! Contact free probably! WOw that is great advice.
Ok I will check into food delivery!
Unfortunately I am allergic to dogs
No I can't be around cats either
Yes definitelh.
Oh wow really? You liked it?
That is good to hear!
Thank you. You have made me see that my situation is not as hopeless as I thought!
Yes, I bet they do, and especially now during Covid!
Yes, I really think you are correct! thank you so very much for your help today!
Yes, this is very true!
Do you? I think I will try them too.
yes for sure!
you are so right. I was reluctant at first to try it, but it has been very helpful! Thank you!
I am sad. I wish my partner would have a better job.
I wish I could have an extra $500 a week to survive.
I have three children who depend on me too.
The pandemic is making work hard as there is not enough work.
Everything is so expensive too.
I need money to buy groceries and basic needs.
I worry for my children.
This is not their fault yet they are suffering.
What would you do?
How are you?
Thank you!
That is a good idea.
I have a job but it is minium wage. I am still looking everyday for more work.
This is nice to have someone to talk to.
Thank you. The older we get, the more anxiety builts up as we know consequences not like when we were kids.
I have my friends but I don't like to discuss money.
I do mturk to help. It's not a lot but it can buy a loaf of bread which is nice.
Yes being an adult is difficult, but life is hard in general.
I've never heard of it and I don't know what that is.
Thank you I will look into it.
I do surveys on swagbucks and that earns gift cards.
its not a lot, but still anything helps.
You give great advice!
thumbs up
hi
how are you today
i haven't been feeling too good recently. i have just been generally depressed
i am a bit worried
i am worried a bit about loosing my job
no but i just don't get a good vib
vibe
my coworkers are almost always unavaible. and be cause we are all working remotely they just dont' answer ims
that's a good idea! you mean within my company though?
o? any recommendations? i don't really want work to know that i'm thinking that they are going to fire me, you know?
ok, i'll try it out. you don't think i should be worried about losing my job though?
that's a good point
true
that's great news! thank you! and i feel better already
thank you for all your help
i'm not sure how this works after 15 min?
what ever i study, i am not able to remember the contents which is necessary for my academic tests
myself
i recently moved to a new school
yaaa.. correct.. i am trying to copeup
my brother is helping now virtually
he is the only light in the dark
i usually try to follow the tutorials and do revisions
i am currently clueless.. sad
there are few people i recently started friends with
thats the last hope i am having
thanks for the support
thanks
Hello, I am here to talk about my daily stresses
Hi pleased to meet you and hope you're doing well
yeah I am okay. Just daily stresses such as disrupted life routines from the pandemic and growing anxiety as my city is facing the beginning of the second wave.
yeah you bet
for example, I only go out once or twice a week for my job, and once every two weeks for groceries. And that's it. But even then, when I have to be in close quarters with coworkers and even to go out for groceries, that scares me.
like it was only this tuesday when my city finally acknowledge there's community spread and second wave, when it has been happening slowly for the last two weeks!
it's irresponsible and they share information slowly to the public and don't disclose enough information. And they are still not shutting down gyms or restaurants, when they are the main sources right now in my city.
yeah I have been doing all that, with the washing of the hands and so forth. The situation at my job is unavoidable but I am still as careful as I try to cope.
well, it's only today they brought the limit to social gatherings from 10 to 5.
too slow and they don't believe in shutting down essential businesses when that will stop it once and for all after two or three weeks. They did that earlier this year for the first wave and that pretty much did the trick. And today they openly said that unless deemed necessary, they will only shut down selective places because restaurants need to stay open for business, etc.
yeah there's a local line but it's a pretty big city and it wouldn't really matter what I say
but anyhow, I have been conferring with my friend pretty much daily on the phone and that does help with social support.
But thanks for that advice, it's a good idea
yes definitely, since I live alone and pretty much self isolated since March of this year.
I have gotten used to it and more comfortable. Before I was more nervous, lonely, and claustrophobic. It is better now but my fear is coming back due to the rising cases.
yeah thanks for listening. And this does impact my daily routines, from my workout patterns, sleep patterns, and diet.
yeah somewhat
but not productive energy. I tend to be lethargic, immobile at my computer for long times, surfing the net aimlessly when I should be studying, and just distracted.
and I sleep real late and wake up real late. It's all backwards and unhealthy and I am disappointed in myself. I also work out less because I can work out at home but I have done that less and less as somehow I don't feel motivated.
okay yeah good idea.
I can look for more videos too on such resources
like I don't play any musical instruments but that would be great for a distraction like that or to pass time or to improve on a craft or project.
Just pretty much my studies with two online courses and not even reading anything outside of school. And even then, my school work ethics suck and I am kind of disappointed at my lapses that way.
ok yeah great ideas
I have started to put away my phone
as I realize that I use it a lot too
So I put it at the opposite end of my room for example
started doing that lately and so the screen time has reduced somewhat
so just trying to channel my productive energy into finishing school deadlines
yeah for sure, especially following up news from around the world and in the states
just stressful loads of news just catching up to daily events
and as for daily schedule, yes I have kind of more control on that too as I try to write down what I should do now and set an alarm to start doing this at this time etc, especially in juggling my school work.
but yeah your ideas are great and match my thinking exactly
I see. okay I will keep doing that.
I will search that book too, interesting title
okay then. I am good to go on that note. Thanks for reaching out and listening. It's great that you understand and am providing great advice.
ok
kind of a reminder on what stresses me and to avoid that etc
that's great
like a debriefing
you've given a lot of great suggestions actually. Thanks a lot for that
you've been quite helpful
for sure. I believe that also
avoiding stressors and cope
yeah I am okay. They are coming to an end at end of this month and next so dialing down so I am at a crunch period.
Thank you again and I hope you well also. And keep staying well and safe.
I need someone to talk to, I am sad.
I really love my wife, but I also like other women.
Yes. I tried to see if she would let me sleep with other women from the Internet, and she is not allowing it.
Yes I would agree with that. I guess I wanted my cake and be able to eat it too.
I am trying to get my wife to spice up our love-making and she is unwilling to do so, and that makes me super sad.
Why would we need counseling to spice up a love life? That should come naturally, is it hard for women to make that change?
That is what makes me sad, I know I am the problem. I am a piece of trash, she is way better than me. I hate myself.
Maybe I have a sex addiction. I think I watch too much pornography and it gives me weird ideas for sex.
Just for me? I hope I get a male counselor because if it was a female one, I would probably want to sleep with her.
Yes, I can't control my impulses. I am picturing what you look like now and imagining what we would do together. I think I have a big problem.
I am forty one, fat and married. I actually prefer heavier ladies, but I get your point. :)
Thanks, you too.
i don't have job and i am unble to concentrate for job trails
yes. too much competition and that too i am pregnant so i scaring wehter i got job or not
yes i updated resume but my old company is not interested to give my experience letter
yes i have , but i scaring to ask them . i never depend on any body since my childhood
yea then will do .may be they may help but i need to prepare much
i don'y have time to prepare and baby inside is kicking .
yea i need to improve my skills and need to update resume with good updates
but wehter can i manage or not with baby
yea , but how can i manage is the problem
wow nice idea . may be i will write down where i am wasting time and will read
please help me any another ideas
ok thank you for support !!
yea .thinking more about my pregnancy so will reduce
i have issues with pregnency so i am unble to concentrate on work and preparation
do u know any doctor to help me out
I am well
You?
My buddy can be an asshole when he is drinking. I was just expressing his in the hit. I guess you are to help me with that situation? Not sure how you are supposed to do this but give it a shot.
Yeah he is a good friend and it doesn't happen all that often but often enough. He knows that he has to cut down. He has talked about laying off the booze but once he starts, he is the kind that drinks to get drunk.
How old are you and where are you from?
male or female?
I am not too far from you. In Minnesota. That is not bad advice and could probably help us both to cut back on the sauce a bit
We like our beer up here in the north. =0)
What do you do for a living?
That is noble. This damn covid is sure a pain in the ass here and across the country. Our school is going to all distance learning starting Monday. YUCK!
Everyone will be home schooling
I agree with that. Well nice chatting with you and I hope everything goes well for you and your kids.
I guess we have to have 10 messages
Thought we were close
ok
Good luck with your mturk earnings.
Hello
I'm concerned about my job. I have been out of work for the past 5 weeks because I tested positive for COVID-19.
It just keeps getting better... I applied for the Pandemic Unemployment Assistance and was approved. The next day, I got an email asking me to verify my identity (I am fine with that. It actually makes good sense.)...
So I did as instructed and got the message on the website thanking me for verification. The following week I got a physical letter saying I was approved and the award amount per week.
I have gone online once a week and qualified, as one is supposed to do, and still I have not received a cent.
Calling the customer service line is futile. The computer just plays a recording that the agents are on other calls and then it disconnects the call.
I have been very fortunate. People in my church have been bringing me food. I plan on trying to go to the food bank Monday, if they are open.
I actually got so tired of redialing the Department of Labor and Training that I sent an email to the Lieutenant Governor of the state asking for his assistance in getting the matter resolved.
I have been to this food bank once before, and they actually made me feel very comfortable and welcomed and gave me an information package on other ways the parent organization may be able to assist me.
I am very lucky in that the organization is only 3 miles from me. I will be looking into their rent assistance and employment assistance programs as well.
I have an advantage because I have a professional background in cooking, so I can take random ingredients and turn them into wonderful and nutritious meals. I just need to have the ingredients.
You are right. I am definitely not going to sit and pout. I am just a bit frustrated with the system.
I am concerned that my boss may try to not take me back at my job. Because this is an "at will" state, he can terminate me without cause. Although he can not legally fire me for being ill with COVID, he can take me back and simply release me the same day saying that I have become redundant.
I would not put it past him. Sadly. But I have taken the attitude that if it does occur, there is nothing I can do to change the situation. I would simply pursue a charge against him for wrongful termination, and seek a new job.
I may not win the suit, but I would definitely file one. In 2000, I had an employer fire me without cause. I sued and won that time. Not only did they have to pay me back wages for the 90 days that the investigation took place, which was no minor sum,
they were found to be guilty, so the judge granted me my wages based on the average of 80 hour weeks I had been working, all my vacation time, plus the overtime I would have received, holiday pay, and then to put a nice bow on that gift, he awarded me 5000 dollars in damages because the old company lied and said I had broken the law.
My current employer actually knows this happened, because years ago we discussed it, and I showed him the award letter from the Department of Labor and Training, itemizing the judge's findings and the awards.
Thank you for your time. Have a great holiday.
Hi. I am feeling really depressed.
Well I recently lost my grandfather and since then I have been feeling I am not doing well in life and that it's pointless.
Yes I am. I
I have talked to my family and my husband. They have helped some. I just feel depressed because I feel like I a not making an impact with my life.
Yes. That is true.
I think the idea that I could also lose the at some point is very hard to deal with.
What do you do to help feel better?
No i have not. I am kind of a wired person and think I would struggle to meditate.
Okay do you have any advice where to start?
Thank you that is really helpful.
I do too. I will start there.
As my coworker and I start to fill her role, I am worried I am not getting all of the information that I need.
Not yet. They hadn't talked with us prior today. I am worried I do not have a lot of time and I do not want to seem overanxious.
Thanks. You don't think it seems needy? Or like I'm telling them what to do?
Thanks, that means a lot. Should I email them my concerns or is this a face-to-face meeting?
Thank you. I will talk with them tomorrow, or if they call me today.
Thanks. I don't want to seem passive aggresssive, and I care about how I am perceived so that is a good idea.
Thank you. I have tried to talk with others in the district to see how they are doing and most are ok.
Thank you. I try to be part of a larger team and I hope they can see that. I just want to do what is best for the organization.
Thanks. I hope they see it that way! Your adviec was really appreciated.
Thank you. Anything else I should know?
No, thanks for your help!
You too. I will start the email now!
Just struggling with the season
About 2 weeks ago
I am alone and on the road so it makes it hard
No. I am with my dog. We have been homeless of and on.
My dog is my best friend and support
Yes but it i hard on us both having to move around
Mine is Garbo. She craves attention as well
She needs attention from someone besides me as well
yes I talk with her and if there is a park I will let her run
We lived in Florida and went to the beach everyday
yeah the parks are ok, but I let her run more openly
Yes. She loves it.
She does not mind snow either
It is chilly but ok
Garbo hates small animals also. Especially skunks
She has been sprayed 4 times
3 years ago
She never learns either
Yes. She sees the color and off she goes
But she can see the stripes
Hey thanks fort the chat. Have to now. laundry
Hi
So this lockdown is making me depressed. I'm doing ok today
What should I do?
I have a cold and I am bored too
TRying to keep busy
trying
sorry for the caps
So how are you coping?
It's just I want to start a life with my boyfriend but I can't move away right now
Now I need to recover from being sick on top of everything
Nice I watch Youtube and play games on my phone or PC
Do you draw?
I am
i hate being this way
Same so I just mostly game
RPGs are my go to
I love Star Wars
No, hopefully someday but not right now
Do you?
What is your favorite movie?
Oh okay
I think it is harder for smaller kids during this time
I feel for all the teachers in the schools
So I guess me and my bf and friends just have to hang out online for now.
That's not a bad thing though
Among Us is awesome
Do you have any other hobbies?
How long have you been an Mturker?
yeah it is and that's all that matters is memories and being with them
So thank you so much for your help today
I'm starting to feel better now.
Nice
youre welcome have a nice day
I'm fine, but could be better just not too happy with my situation. Hope you are doing great
yes, have a friend who I'm very close to , but have noticed she doesn't tell me the truth this days. And not only that she has been distancing as in not calling , always waiting for me to call. I call her about a week ago, but wasn't happy how she dismissed my call within seconds telling me she will call me back only for her not to call till to day. I don 't feel like calling her again.
You are absolutely correct and this is someone I care so much about
Oh it is very depressing, have known her for a very long time about 16years now
That's very good to hear. I would have loved to do ask her what the problem is, but knowing how she is hiding some things from me, I just don't feel comfortable approaching her. I had this feeling she is doing it on purpose, I just don't understand why.
I will give it a try, but it's very hard for me to swallow the way she has treated me.
Thanks for understanding, I feel better now. I will give it sometime and if I don't feel like it or don't hear from her any more, I will take it that it's time to move on.
You have been a big help and I can't thank you enough
No, you've helped enough already and I thank you once again for your support
I wish I had chatted with you sooner
okay, no problem . Nice chatting with you
Take care and bye
Hey! Thank you for contacting me. Not too bad so far
What about you?
Lucky! It's raining and windy here!
I am having this constant problem where I am really tired and so I go to bed but I cannot fall sleep for sooo long
I tend to watch TV or check my phone, once in bed I just try to relax and close my eyes
I think that is a good rule, I have to recognize I use too much technology specially towards the evening/night
I will try to stop all that and have a read tonight, what about if that does not work? Have you tried anything else?
Thank you
Yes! Thank you for that. I do love music and also the sound of the nature, it relaxes me... so I think that can work
I don't want to have to take pills to sleep or something like that if I can avoid it
Absolutely, I agree with you. Thank you for your support. I believe I can create a much better sleeping routine
But it's just so easy to take the phone and start browsing news or check up funny videos
When did you have this same issue, long ago?
I know! Thank you for your help and sharing your insight
It has been very useful and it's good to know it worked for you
I will try tonight
And you too! Lovely talking to you
Have a nice day ahead
hello
i have constant anxiety about my future and job applications
probably in the last 3 or so months
not exactly. I just have started researching programs and the application process that I will have to start soon and it has been overwhelming
thank you I really appreciate that
my husband is supportive
he is more easy going than me
so he thinks I stress too much
yes correct
yes I just feel insecure and that I will not get the job i want
its actually applying for a medical fellowship so it is a little different.
yeah there are
I am a mom of three boys and I work a full time job. I feel like if I didnt have my kids to take care of I would run away and start a new life somewhere else
I am. My husband just got laid off at his job, but he didnt really help with bills anyway. Im just so depressed and I feel like Im going to go crazy and no one even cares
I could never leave my kids. But sometimes I feel like it would be so much easier to just be dead
My mom cares, but she is having a lot of health problems so I dont feel like I should bother her with my problems
No. I have stopped talking to my friends and just kept to myself. I dont think they even understand how I feel
I just want to hide in a hole and not talk to anyone
Ive been listening to a lot of audio books, its a nice escape
I wish I could afford a therapist
I was trying to exercise 5 times a week but when I feel depressed I cant seem to summon the energy to exercise
I will try writing. Lately I just go to work and as soon as I get home I just lay on the couch the rest of the day.
That is a really good idea. I think I need to start focusing more on myself and quit trying to please everyone else
Okay I will try tonight
i am here thank you
i am presently in a bad mood when i take into account the amount of money i gave my ex and her totally refusing to compensate me for my loss.
go right ahead and chat i am receptive
the divorce took place three years ago. i let her handle the whole thing to save money on attorneys. i was willing to do anything to end the relationship, especially forfeit the money I gave her to improve her home $30000 so she could get it refinanced because of an impending balloon loan coming due. i thought she would be grateful but she kept after my bank account while destroying my soul. i had to escape her, whatever the cost. i paid with my emotions.
the sad part is that i was a young widower with a small child and when i remarried i considered myself a hero for caring for my dying wife and my son. all i ended up being was a sucker. she smelled a sucker and she went after my good side.
lawyers are unprincipled rats who bend the truth as long as they can get away with it. wouldn't trust one as far i could push him. i only got through the worst of it at the time because i knew how to meditate and because i took extremely long walks. what a price to pay!
Now my friends say, don't ever get married again. Where were they when I was closing in on this fiend?
forget her. ignore her. time is valuable but waiting for the air to clear helps. i tried dating again but the pool of available ladies is really a swamp. gotta get really lucky or stay clear.
looks like i am being the supporter here but give it time. alone is much better than being sucked down into the muck.
hi not bad
about you
feeling depressed
here family issue going so depressed
my dad not understand me
i love my dad so much but now a days my dad feel depressed so always angry with everyone. so i am not disturb
i think he is mentally disturb so sometimes i manage and move on other time i feel not well.
yes i am mentally disturb now a days
okay thanks for ur suggest
meditate myself
i go to professional meditate class
yes its one think i feel relax
more than 1hour
Hi, I was wondering if I could talk to you about a problem.
I am doing okay,
My boyfriend has been cheating on me, He constantly denies it and I want to believe him, but my family also knows and thinks I need to end things.
I haven't actually caught him myself.
Yes, My best friend and my sister have told me.
Exactly and he denies it. I just don't know what to do or who to believe.
I know he cheated in the past on a previous girlfriend, but not on me.
at least no that I am aware of.
yes
I can see their point. They think he is using me for my car and money. He is constantly between jobs.
I don think they dislike him, I think they fell he is using me and I am blind to it.
I do financially feel taken advantage of.
Yes, and he always promises to do better. I know deep down it should end.
Thanks for listening
Hello
I am hanging in there as well as I can be
I am worried about losing my job. The company I work for has had layoffs and is talking about it again in a few months. This makes me really nervous
It has indeed. I chose an industry that was fairly stable and a company that hadn't done layoffs in a long time but COVID changed all of that.
Yes! Exactly and I cannot stand that. I love my routine and predicability.
Very much so. If I lose my job I can't pay my bills and keep a roof over my head. In a good economy it took me over 300 applications, 50 interviews, and over 6 months to find a job.
I would hope so
Right. It's just not something I want to go through again. I just got this job 18 months ago. That job hunting dread and feeling hasn't gone away.
For the record, you are doing a really really good job. I really appreciate your time and kind words. Thank you for empathizing and relating. I appreciate your assistance. I feel a lot better about this now :)
It is much appreciated!
How empty my life is.
The love of my life is no longer in my life.
Yes, she left me for her supervisor at work.
Yes, five days ago.
It sure is. She told me this guy was sexually harassing her at work, then I find out she is leaving me for this guy.
I think she liked all of the attention he was giving her, and then she got turned on by it. It is sick.
I can't believe anyone would ever leave you, you seem like such a nice person.
I should have followed and stalked her like this guy did, it seems to turn her on, she said she likes being watched. I told her to see a therapist and she told me to leave our apartmnent.
Yes, I think she has low self esteem, but she let me do things with her, we would experiment sexually together, it was wild.
But now I think she is not healthy and has mental issues.
I think so, she also liked to peg me. It was very intense, I have never submitted like that to anyone.
Yes, I guess I don't have good luck with women. Maybe I need to go back to call girls, they are easier to deal with.
Yes totally. Some of the prostitutes are very sweet, but they don't want anything too long term. Just a weekend at most.
Well thank you, you have been very helpful, I feel better now.
Hello
Hello?
I am okay
It's alright. A little stressful with my job crisis.
Well, I've been looking for a proper job for some time now and I just can't find one. I work online every day and it is not something that is stable.
Yes. I have submitted hundreds of applications and I don't even receive an email on most of them.
I've asked a few, but most of the people I know work retail jobs. I make more money than that working online. I just want a normal adult job, you know? I went to college, so it shouldn't be that hard.
I like museum jobs or jobs that work with animals, but all of those require years of experience that I can't get because no one will hire me
That is true. Maybe it just isn't the right time. Maybe I need to learn something before I find a job that I need to do
I volunteer once a week with animals
Thank you! I appreciate your comments. I will try to relax and know that things will eventually work out
Goodbye!
what should I do?
My friend's husband is spreading false rumors about me because my daughter moved up in soccer and theirs didn't. He's telling people it's because I'm having an affair with the coach - who is married! This is not true! My daughter is a better soccer player.
what do you think I should do?
I haven't yet. I was deciding whether or not to talk to him directly or just her or both at the same time. I am really upset and don't want to lose her. I know people get all crazy about their kids and sports. I agree that he's jealous but his daughter isn't really that good - didn't make the school team either. Should I talk to my friend alone first?
About 6 years. Our daughters are also friends, too. I am single so I don't care about the husband but also don't want to come in between their marriage.
yes that's true. I don't want to go behind her back but also don't want to get her involved. I could have the coach talk to the dad maybe?
Oh that's a good idea - in public and not making a big deal about it - and before she moves teams and rumors get worse.
it does - but doesn't seem that he cares about my strain on my life since he's the one spreading such lies about me. I just hate him!
I did tell her because I was so mad when another mom told me. She doesn't care. She still likes the friend but not the dad.
yes you're right. I will try to just ignore. And figure out what to do with my anger over all this? Maybe go for a run and also avoid him?
oh I like that and I am willing to try. I am tired of wasting my energy being so angry at this man who like you said is jealous which is HIS problem and shouldn't be might, right?!
I really like that and I hope I'm able to do that!! Thank you!
Hello
Hello?
Anxious. I'm not sure I can get through this semester
No I understand the course work, its just a high pressure environment. Everyone is ranked, so its competitive.
it feels like everyone is secrectly angling to take each other down so they can get the good jobs
The money investment is just so high. I don't want to get out of my 3L year and get a job making barely enough for the loan interest payment
I've always been hard on myself
I know I can do it its just hard
yeah, i think i got it
I hope so
It'll be okay. I have a backup plan for after graduation anyways, its just not wanting to have to resort to that
It's also intense doing this during COVID. We haven't gotten the normal learning environment for a young attorney in training. We just get a zoom link
It oddly makes it more competitive too because you don't get the chance to build a relationship with classmates the way we normally would
No this is my first semester and I moved across the country for this school so I have really no connections here
Feeling down.
I live in a more rural area that has moved into our highest risk tier for Covid. They just seem to be making all the wrong choices amongst our local schools and other agencies.
The middle school is still in person 100% of the time. There have been >30 cases, most in the last 3 weeks, and they keep sending letters home stating that they don't believe the kids are getting sick in school. It's infuriating.
So, I get mad, then I get anxious, then I get down...
They do. It's a pretty poor one though. I'm looking at charter options right now. They only offer ELA, Math, Science, and SS through the public virtual option.
The kid I'm concerned about is taking math 3 grades ahead and high school spanish. I do not think their program is in her best interest, so I'm focusing on the charter option, but it takes time :(
It does. Like you said, crazy time for everyone.
True, true. It does help to focus on how you can help, especially if you find people in worse positions.
I like that. I especially like the idea of involving the kids.
I have been trying to do projects at home I normally wouldn't to try to help everyone fill time. Things like creating websites, art projects, and such. Those skills will help tremendously.
So, I guess I'll just keep doing what I can and try to stay away from media and the state's tracking site. I had been doing this, but the announcement for the new tier came from the school!
Midwest. Not the worst place to be, although we supposedly hit some statistic that no other state has yet, so we may be heading that direction.
Consider it done, lol! I'm gonna log out now, but you did give me a couple points to consider that would be better than dwelling on the hopelessness.
Stay safe where you are.
It keeps us up at night because we know she isn't sleeping. Worse part is there is nothing we can do to help her.
My daughter is really sick and its causing her to have trouble sleeping. Not sure what to do.
It is. She's miserable, and it's causing us to not sleep as well.
It's nothing serious, common cold, but she has asthma so whenever she gets sick, it causes labored breathing.
I know she will, I always lack sleep whenever she's not feeling well. I wish I could be sick for her.
We do the same for her, and it helps for a couple hours but then she's up again.
Really, I'll have to try that. Thank you!
Thank you so much. You have been very helpful.
I feel much better after talking with you.
I hope you have a good rest of the day.
I will. And I pray that she will.
I am feeling a bit sad and down
I hate the way I look. Everytime I look in the mirror I cry
When I look in the mirror, I think Im the ugliest person in the world sometimes
I am 32
I hate everything when I see my reflection. I just feel fat and ugly
I have been working out and eating better. Even though I am losing weight, I still feel horrible
That is a good idea, maybe that will help
I like that idea too, I will give it a try
No, I just dont like looking at myself in the mirror. I just feel ugly and gross
That is kind of you to say, thank you
You have helped me quite a bit today, I appreciate it
Very true, thank you for the perspective
Possibly a new dress or two
I love flowy dresses for that reason
do you do anything else when you are feeling bad about yourself?
I like doing my makeup and getting dressed up, even if I have nowhere to go
I like the idea of pampering myself. That is something I don't do too often
and I need to do it more. Perhaps I will feel better then
Haha, yes, perhaps not those :)
Thank you, you too!
Hello I am here to talk about my overall daily stresses
yeah I guess different factors, just self isolation for months due to the pandemic, and nearing the end of my studies and experiencing that final last-minute crunch with studying and assignments.
I am more stressed and anxious than anything, and not really depression.
yes that's right. The plate issue is more to do with my studies now than the pandemic.
Though the pandemic is adding to my anxiety and fear of the outside world
especially when I have to go out everytime for errands and personal admin.
yes I am. I preferred the old-school way. I've completed university before and it's much better to do things in-person. My online studies have been in place even before the pandemic.
Just finishing up with courses and catching up with last minute stuff
I feel like so little time when in fact I had loads of time for the last few months.
I just seem to think and do things slower and more distracted
like time is moving on so quickly and there's so little hours in the day but I feel that I don't do enough in a day with my school, kind of distracted or wasted time and then when I do something, I look at the time and am sometimes surprised at how much time had actually elapsed when it felt like I didn't do much.
I think this has to do with the pandemic at the start of the year and that changed my momentum and rhythm in life and coupled with social isolation, which puts a damper on my studying mentality, I think.
I spend tons of time at home nowadays. I try to surf the net and read up on stuff, and that takes a lot of my time, and kind of aimless, and what I would say is procrastination. I work out from time to time, but not as much as I used to before the pandemic.
I wanted to set aside hobbies and things to develop, like writing during the pandemic, and improve on that skill, but I never got to do that. And now so many months have gone by, and all that's on my mind and plate now are my studies, because it's like I do things slower and leave it till the last minute, even though I know I can pass, but just not as good a mark as I would have liked and not my usual work and study ethics from before.
yeah not only a complete circle but to me, it's like an aimless road to nowhere, and it goes on and on and repeats day after day
that's how it felt for the last few months
and everyday is the same and at home, and only two months ago I started working in a new part-time position and that got some normalcy back and less stress and alleviated unpredictability with the economy for me.
stuck for sure. It still amazes me that it's november and not march, because it still feels like that.
and nowhere as festive, fun, and alive as last november. It's a huge change
it feels nothing special, and not normal, and not even like a real november, you know? It's like even if it's christmas, I wouldn't ackowledge it's christmas even though it is, because of the changes and we can't do the things w e used to do.
hopefully, scientists can study all these phenomena and our physiological, social, and mental responses to the pandemic. There will be so much that can be learned from all this, I feel.
And it's worse because I live by myself so don't have someone here. But I do talk on the phone with my friend daily about things and that does help a lot.
yeah like for me, I am not able to fly back to visit my folks this year, and this is the first time
And I feel bad about it but nothing I can do
yeah anyways, thanks for listening and understanding. I appreciate your input very much.
It does help for me to vent I guess and for someone to listen
I am good to go now
thanks a lot for your help
will do. And best of luck to you. Stay well and stay safe. Thanks again.
Hello
I'm pretty stressed out actually
Sure. I just failed a huge test in my college class, and I'm worried it will fail me the entire class, and then I won't be able to get my associates
Yeah it's really weighing down on me. It's the only thing I can think about. The test was worth 75%
I got a 62% on the test.
Yeah, but taking into account my scores on homework, I don't think it's enought to pass the class
Honestly it's just kind of all over the place. I am surviving in other classes, but with all this online stuff with the pandemic I barely learn anything. I'm basically faking it til I make it. Which I hate. But I can't learn in these conditions.
Yeah that's true, I just think it's not my learning style so it's a lot harder for me. I thought about waiting until things are normal enough to physically be able to go back to class before I try and finish my bachelors, but who knows when that will be
Yeahhh
Honestly just talking to someone and letting it out was kinda nice
made me feel ebtter
Yeah you are right. I shouldn't wait. I don't want to put my life on hold. Thank you so much
Hi there, I'm struggling to be honest.
I've been finding it really hard to motivate myself to do anything for the last year or so, but it's been getting worse recently. Everything feels like hard work.
I haven't really, I feel like other people have their own issues and I don't want to burden them. It's good that others feel the same. Do you have any advice on what makes you feel better?
Hmm, I'm finding it hard to remember a time I didn't feel like this! I feel like this has been going on forever! I used to enjoy walking, and generally getting things done around the house. I am also self employed and loved putting time into my business but I've been finding that hard recently.
I've been watching a lot of Netflix and youtube and not doing much else.
How do you cope with it? How do you not get bored and restless?
I've been finding I have a lot of time alone with my thoughts recently.
That's a good idea, I could try that. At the moment I get up at around 11am but U have been trying to get up earlier but I just can't make myself do it. I've also been sleeping during the day which is maybe not good.
I used to get a lot of pleasure from reading and would always have a book on the go. Now reading feels like a chore, as if I am making myself do it.
That's a good idea I could definitely try that.
I suppose that is a little weather dependant though.
I do watch a lot of youtube, but it's mainly true crime I am into. I always forget there is other content on there other than what is in my subscription box.
Home workouts would be good. Do you use an app, or just make up the moves yourself?
I will do that after this chat, and see if I can find any home workout videos on there.
I'll do that then, and see if there are any useful apps I can use on my phone so I can do workouts on the go. I know it will be hard to get myself into the habit of doing it but maybe if I stick at it I'll see rewards.
Yeah I suppose I need to try more to not give in to all the negative thoughts.
I'd love to find a partner! At the moment I can't really go out and dating and I'm finding online dating tedious. That's a good idea, I use excel for work so could set up a spreadsheet for exercise.
I'll certainly look into it. Thanks for your help, I'm feeling a little more focused.
Hey it is getting difficult day by day .
We are unable to meet our friends and families especially during holidays like Thanksgiving and Christmas.
There should be some other ways to get out of this situation. Its so boring life.
Yes that is one way to connect but meeting in person makes a difference.
Its too risky to travel. And with kids you it will be difficult. Besides you never know what will happen so don't want to take risk of travelling.
You can't just stay home all day as you cant go shopping to malls or watch a movie in theatre!! Its so frustrating.
It feels like your life has come to a full stop.!!
Absolutely there could be other ways where you can focus you mind into like gardening was my hobby which I had started again during this pandemic.
Not really but I like watching the flowers bloom and see how my vegetables were growing each day. I loved watching the birds and butterflies around beautiful blooms.
That gave me a bit of positivity in life.
Yes of course and it helped me to teach my kids a bit about nature too. They seemed to be interested in gardening also.
Yes that was the best way to connect with nature . They could just pluck out the fruits from plants and eat them right away which they had not done for quite long time. They surely had fun.
Hello there
I'm really panicking. I just lost my job and I don't know how I'm going to pay my rent.
I worked at a restaurant and they have to close due to the pandemic.
I don't know how to make ends meet now.
I haven't looked yet. I'm not sure where to start.
That's a good idea, I guess I could start there.
I am so worried, I can't get a hold of my emotions
Okay, I'll apply on line today.
How can I deal with my stress?
That makes me feel a little better. It's tough times out there.
Thanks, it helps to know I'm not alone.
I will also try to improve my resume.
So, to recap- today, I'll apply for unemployment. Then, I'll use the extra time to polish up my resume.
Okay, I like the idea of taking little steps.
Do you have any suggestions to stay positive?
Ah ok. I like to knit so I could make a new scarf.
I can try but I have to save every penny can't afford yarn right now.
I will look at job postings today.
Okay thank you for the advice
Hello
I am doing fine. How are you?
Yes.. I recently broke up with my partner
I am extremely depressed after that..
We have been together for last 2 years.
Yes.. we had out ups and downs during the time..
I did not see this was coming.. happened all on a sudden..
No it was not.. now I am in depression and don't know how to get out of it.
I cannot think of anyone I can share my feeling with...
Yes, I am..
I am into playing musical instruments.. you think I should pick that up again?
I play flute.. I guess I will start it again.. thanks for the suggestion.
I hope so.. I feel better talking to you.. thanks again..
Have a good day..
Hello there. In the past 3 years, I have gotten into 2 car accidents. Neither of them were my fault. I sustained a concussion/traumatic brain injury and am experiencing depression and PTSD.
I have nightmares of crashing at least 2x a week. I am seeing a therapist, but due to the pandemic we are not meeting in person to do EDMR for my PTSD
I have a traumatic brain injury that creates a lot of overstimulation in my life. I used to be social and now I can't be in a social setting for too long without feeling exhausted
Yes, I talk to my therapist every other week
I do not have supportive or understanding friends and family
I have lost a lot of them in the last few years or have created boundaries because when I got into my first car accident, legit someone said "are you not better yet?" and another said "can't you just walk it off?"
When I got into my second car accident, people said "again? are you drunk?"
Even though neither were my fault, people were not understanding or asked how scary those situations for me were
After my first car accident, the tow truck guy was towing my car to my aunt's garage to hold for auto insurance appraisal. He said to my aunt "sorry for your loss" My aunt said "oh, she's right over there and alive"
the car accident was so bad the tow truck guy thought I had died
but even after seeing my car, friends and family acted like it was just something that happens to everyone. walk it off
Thanks.
What are some things you do when you have depression? Have you been in a scary car accident before or know anyone? Have you offered them kindness or you just dismissed them and thought it was their own problem?
That sounds scary. And is extremely unfortunate.
Absolutely! But I'm doing better now. You find out who your real friends and family are and you move on. The whole saying of "they don't deserve you at your best when they weren't there when you were at your worst"
I don't use social media
I quit in 2016, which is also when I started realizing how vain people are
Some of those same friends and family didn't bother to text me even though they had my number
I did find a local group that did social stuff together but they were all really old like 50 years plus
I'm in my 20s so it was hard to relate
Thanks! I appreciate it. Happy Holidays and Happy New Year
good, feels better now
about my experience with a friend who stopped communicating
usually we discuss issues or good news, anything day to day, suddenly i felt i am kept in the dark, while other friends in the group were aware of the problems faced by the friend
not blocking me out,but i felt that I am not considered close enough to discuss problems or personal issues
I was trusted before, but not now
i understand that. but i feel lonely when friend says i am having issues, i dont want to discuss with anyone, but other friends get to know of the issue and tell me about it in a casual conversation. i feel when some other had got to know of it, why it could not have been discussed with me
i feel sorry for the friend that the trusted ones have not been able to keep up and at the same time, i was not considered trusted one, where i would have kept it to myself
i like your suggestion. i have started to do prayers and study more texts of my interest and this had surely given me a boost and I have now accepted the friend as it is.
not really thinking too much of it, just accepting it as it is and moving on with my routine
yes, thank you and happy new year to you as well
good bye and thanks for listening
Hi, not so good to be honest.
I've been feeling very depressed recently. I've been doing very bad in this class and that is just not like me.
I was up until this pandemic started. I feel like this shift to online learning has really taken it's toll on me and my learning.
I've tried reaching out to my professors and doing virtual group study sessions with my class mates, but for some reason, things just don't seem to stick that well.
Really? I feel like everyone around me is doing fine and that makes me feel that there is something wrong with me.
Maybe I'm just slow?
I think so? I think it is just the way the material is taught now. We have these "Zoom" sessions where everything is taught online, but it just all feels so impersonal. We are expected to read things on our own and then come to class ready to do these activities. I just prefer the old style of attending classes, having someone teach me the material, and then going back and studying on my own.
I think it is also the social aspect of this pandemic too. I haven't seen my firends in person in a very long time.
I'm worried that if my poor performance continues, then I might loose my scholarship.
He just gave me some additional books to read, but I did not find that helpful. I really do well when I have someone teach the material to me, not just tell me to read on my own.
But maybe I'm not able to do well because I'm stupid. I know I should be able to understand things on my own, but I just can't seem to do that.
I have tried the group study sessions, but I feel like I don't retain as much. I just get very discouraged when I see how smart everyone else in my class is.
I don't know if my school offers free tutoring now. They used to, but I am not sure if they are still offering it due to the pandemic.
I'll try that though. It might help to get one on one attention from a past student who did well.
And thank you for the words of encouragement. \
I'll try your advice. Hopefully, things will take a turn for the better.
Hi sorry
I'm having trouble getting motivated to finish my senior thesis
In about a month.
Yes, but I've been really bad about keeping her in the loop. I feel bad when I fall behind, and then I'm fearful of getting back in touch with her.
That sounds like a good idea regarding putting it down on paper.
My other problem is that I'm a perfectionist. I tend to over-analyze and get bogged down, especially when doing research.
That definitely sounds reasonable. Putting micro deadlines in might be what I need to do to keep me focused.
My advisor is a tough woman, I'm not going to beat around the bush. She tends to make everything miserable.
I'll try to keep that in mind. It's something I do feel like I need to finish for my own sake.
That sounds like a wonderful feeling. But so far away.
That's a very poetic way of putting it.
I'll keep that in mind as I move forward. I really appreciate your help.
Thanks, you too!
Have there, I have a work issue that I'm hoping you can help me with
I want to get a qualification but I'm working full-time at the moment and I also work very long hours. the problem is the courses that I want to do a huge time commitment. I'm really angry that I can't seem to get better qualifications to improve my life, because I need to work and need the income to keep me going. I feel stuck and don't know how to get past this.
you are right this is very stressful. I've gotten used to the steady income and now we lie on it. the problem is I do work quite late hours so have limited time to study. any suggestions?
Perhaps I can ask for a different shift pattern yes, or reduce my hours. I may need to take a look at my finances and do a bit of recalculating. Have you ever had a situation like this?
I wonder if there are courses and qualifications that you can get just by studying maybe an hour a day or an hour every other day?
ok I've never heard of skillshare, is that a website where you can get more information about work based qualifications etc?
yeah that's very true. I've never heard of that before so thanks for the tip.
also I'm not sure why this is making me feel so angry I think it's the stress of the situation. you mentioned what I can do to relax at the end of the day, do you think this will help see things more clearly?
yeah I read that yoga I can be really good for your health and your mental well-being.
I didn't realise there was so much support available. thanks again for the suggestions!
No that's great. Thanks for your help
Hey there, how's it going?
I'm ok, I could be better. I'm trying to find a job currently.
Anything involving my college degree. But when I do get to the interview stage, I feel like I don't know anything. I feel like an imposter.
In-person.
Yes, I stumble over my words, I tend to ramble, and I'm afraid I don't even answer the questions the way they are looking for.
I try to prep myself beforehand by having lines ready for the common questions asked. But I struggle with questions where they present scenarios to me.
I really like that suggestion, I will have to try it. Do you have any difficulties with interviews?
That makes a lot of sense, I'll have to ask my husband to interview me. I'm feeling a lot better about this now, thank you :)
Did you ever feel silly or out of place when your wife would interview you?
I have never thought about it like that.
That makes a lot of sense, I'm going to keep that in mind in all aspects of my life.
Yeah, I do let fear take control of most of my decision making. That's something I can work on, too. Thank you bird-person
That is all.
hello
I need to confide on someone, I just need to say it out so I can be relieve
we met on instagram
that bitchtold me that she is from Cananda, and she will soon come to USA, i do tell her I love her, she will send different naked pictures of herself, I did'nt know she is a bitch
she fuck defraud me with almost 4000$
before I know, she requested for my bank details
last two weeks my bank called me to come that someone is trying to access my account
I called her no not reacheable
chatted her up not replyig
she is a bitch
I was lost
thanks to my bank manager, that make my eyes to open
i can believe now
if u tell me two months ago I will never accept what you are saying
thanks for your time
okay
bye
I love your time
amen
i really love your confidence
that m oney has gone
yes
thanks
Hi! I have been feeling really sad the last couple of months!
I haven't been able to find a decent job in a long time! I have great credentials but i doesn't matter what I do I never get called back!
I did it one time but it did not made a difference! I kept getting rejected from every company! It's like there is no place for me
I'm currently looking on the NYC area, because it's not an option to move out!
I'm an Anaesthesiologist and i have a fellow on Regional Anaesthesia and Acute Pain Management
Yes i know it has been difficult for everyone! I try to calm down and tell to myself that this are hard time for all of us and that i just have to keep going forward
My wife and I have been arguing a lot, she's pregnant and that makes the whole situation more difficult
Yes I know! We've been able to keep things going because i had some savings and she is currently working at home! But expenses keep summing up
I haven't think about that option until now, I guess my mind was set on getting the job I've always dreamed of and didn't look at other options that might help my situation
I am! But for now I guess I will just focus on finding a job to help with the bill and keep trying as hard as I can to find a job on my field!
You are completely right! You've been really helpful! I'm so glad i had this talk! I needed to vent and just have someone to listen to me!
Thank you! Have a great weekend too! Thanks for your help!
Honestly, it's getting to me, COVID-19, not being able to leave my house safely, having a medical issue that puts me at higher risk.
I don't know what to do with myself. A year. I haven't left my house once.
Yes, it's more than that.
I'm in this house, and scared. Nothing is getting better for me or anyone else I know.
In Mass.
I live in such a populous area, I am afraid to. Especially with warmer temperatures coming.
I just wish I could do that.
I am here. Just sad.
I do sometimes.
I do sometimes each my lunch in the yard.
Thanks. It feels good.
Thanks so much for talking things through with me.
My day has been alright, finally got myself to go to the gym today after 4 weeks of not being motivated/ having the time so that's cool.
It is hard to put a finger on it, it's just easy to get complacent for me. Especially when I am not seeing results... but i genuinely like going so I'm glad I forced myself to go.
Not necessarily, i mean I have had access for awhile, but definitely when they were closed in my state for a period of time it sucked, this whole pandemic sucks lol
I mean in school not doing great, and not super happy with my social life
Its hard to stay motivated, I don't really enjoy it, i mean I am sure a lot of people dont' but its very hard to focus and I'm worried I am in school for the wrong reasons, covid stuff def doesnt help tho
lol, not that easy, I dont know what profession I would train for... also I have been in college since late 2017 so I am at the final stretch and have already put a bunch of money in, I totally see where ur coming from though, however no trades really jump out to me and interest me. Maybe i can do research but again I am pretty far into college
I agree! I've always worried about money, Im hoping that it becomes a bit of a nonissue, not to get political but the whole capitalism thing is a huge downer lol, Imagine being able to live life without worrying about money, very nice, but then again financial freedom isnt everything.
forreal, our system is really weird, we place value on these random things and then force people to fight for pieces of paper their whole life, its an interesting problem
I find it more interesting how many people dont think about it too deeply, but they are probably happier that way
Oh definitely, its just scary comparing myself to others that look like they have it all figured out
haha thats true, and dont sell yourself too short..., it is hard to get out of your own head and look at the other perspective, ill keep everything youve said in mind. anyways thanks for talking to me it was nice! have a great rest of your day!
well I fear losing my job
I work around food all day and it makes me hungry so I have been sneaking bites of food when no ones looking. I am afraid. I will get caught
Well yes. that is correct. but the food looks sooooo good. how can you no eat?
see you do it too!!!!!
just food. like fries
Ok. so are you saying you stopped stealing fries?
thanks for saying that. I makes you human. Though I do not know if I will be able to stop eating. how do I stop?
hey that's not a bad idea. Any others?
that's a very good idea. but I could never confide to a co-worker. any other ideas?
you are really helping
religion has not effect on my judgements. I wish I had such faith. perhaps the world would be a safer and more peaceful world if god would punish those who tried to game the system
Yes perhaps a job with out food would be the solution . like a gambler should not work at a casino.
this is a revelatoin
Addict to free food perhaps
same thanks
you helped
Hello
How are you doing today?
I'm feeling okay today, a bit anxious for my finals this week
What is the exam for?
I think it might be the fear of failure that triggered it
I think it might be possible to look at it from a different perspective
I think I probably could
How do you think I could do that?
I can probably do that, the anxiety can motivate me to create a studying plan
I can do that
I will do that, thank you for your help
It was, thank you
I do not what what to do
Do you think I should just stop being friends wither?
My friend does not want to be friends anymore after 13 years, she thinks I am too buys with my kids
To be friends, its been 13 years
yes
She thinks I put her second to me family
yes, but she does not understand since she is not married and does not have children
I think she feels left out
I guess I can reinforce that she is always invited over! But I am just soooo exhausted after having twins
No time to sleep... ever.... How do I tell her I have feelings too
She just wants to go out and doesn't offer to help
I am not very good at expression my emotions rn with out getting emotional
ugh you are right! I just get scared to break down that all, even after 13 years.
you are so right
yes I do! Thank you so much
Thank you! Your help means a lot
Have a great day
Good evening!
I am having anger issues and thinking nasty thoughts toward my husband
Mostly because of how he treats me lately
He makes disrespectful comments.... Are you female or male
No it wouldn't do any good I am afraid. Whenever I try to stand up for myself he says Oh here we go again Poor you etc
Like just tonight I mopped floor and he came up and said What are you sick ? Youre actually cleaning.
Than I said yes I was actually on my hands and knees last week when I mopped and he
said well get used to being on your knees
and touched himself
He's always saying stuff like that and constantly trying to refer to lets just say going down
I know even my good friends that know me and everything that is said agrees with you
My mom already knows and his parents are dead and he has no relations with any other family.
HE wont listen He knows everything and its HIs way or else
He is very controlling
Thats true and its time for a change. Thank you so much . I do feel better
Thank you . Its sounds like you know what you are talking about. Ill try it
Well I can try and pray it does
I need to get my boys ready for bed as it is a school night. thanks again
yes i have years ago
and he threatened to take boys
and he would prove I am an unfit mom
but he has photos of dirty house and that I was dignosed with major clinical depression
I do
I used to but he wont let me get treatment
He doesnt believe in therapy for me him familly etc
there is no way I can
he tracks everything
ok I need to go take care keep safe
hi
i have a lot going on. i am depressed because i am soo stressed
I work full time, do frelance work on the side, i am a single mom of twin 6 year olds and an 8 year old, and i am in college for my masters degree
also my lease is up next month and i was notified they are raising it 300 dollars. i cant afford it. im scared and cant find anywhere cheaper to move
sorry, guess i am venting
my boyfriend and i broke up 2 weeks ago. that isnt helping.
ugh i just wish i could get a break
thanks, :)
family is about 8 hours away. i dont really have friends. i havent had time to make or keep any. i would love to i just dont even know how to fit in finding time to talk to anyone
im an army veteran... i have ptsd so i dont do well with crowds. its hard making new friends
thats not a bad idea, maybe i can find a moms group on facebook
paying the bills. ugh. i do mturk and then i am on upwork. i write articles and edit papers and books.
lol my day is so packed i wish i had more time to sleep!
i'm usually up late writing papers for scool
i graduate in september. i keep telling myself to hang in till then
of course then i will need to start delivering food or sometihng as an additiona ljob to pay student loans lol
im doing an online college. i am getting my master's in organizational managment
i really appreciate you talking to me. its actually helping a bit
I want to be a good example for my kids :)
lol very true
thanks for being here today, i hope the rest of your day goes well!
thanks!
Hi, I feel somewhat concerned, I failed a test. I might fail the class. I honestly sometimes feel like college is too hard for me.
A mixture. I currently have 2 online classes and 2 face-to-face ones.
Yes, I am in a full schedule. The class I might fail is mandatory for my Computer Science degree. That is why I am so concerned.
That class in particular is online.
You think so? I kept telling myself that they were supposed to be easier, since its on the computer.
If I fail the class, would you suggest I retake it in person then?
I don't think I can, the withdrawal period ended long ago...
That could be an option, although he can be very rude at times. I don't think he will accept.
I will consider doing that that. What if he doesn't want to give me any extra credit oppourtinities?
I might have to deal with failing the class...
That is true, I never looked at it that way. It might not be that tragic after all...
I agree... I definetely feel a little better now.
More calmed.
Hi. Currently unemployed and this effects my impression of self as a person, husband and father. Doing mturk work and created a Youtube channel to share information gleaned during prison time.
Sorry to hear of you own challenge. Job search sites seem to have so much garbage out there.
Yes, have emails coming in from several sites. At the same time though been helping out elderly parents with doctors, cleaning, cooking, etc. How about you?
Hence doing the mturk work and creating content for the Youtube channel. This is part creative and hopefully income producing in the future.
Sounds like a similar situation. Not sure if these efforts will pay off long term but need to do something to maintain sanity. Youtube can pay something if there are enough hits and subscribers.
Having a religious base too can help.
Unfortunately, too many are at the base of the hill of the Lord and not climbing. Followers, not disciples. Hard to have gratitude when seeing other or thinking of our past.
Encourage you to continue your journey. This life is but a blip in the eternal spectrum.
Unfortunately making amends in some ways depends on having money which requires a job.
Working on a notebook of studies I did during my prison time. Content that is becoming the Youtube channel.
Also work out to stay fit and mentally healthy
Thanks for the effort. This task seems to be taking longer than I thought.
Hard to work out when your bummed
Going to sign out now.
Hi
Feeling anxious these days
Yes
I dropped out of graduate school
Now, I need to get a job, but I'm having difficulty finding jobs for my degrees
And it's just stressful and depressig
Yes, it really is
I wasn't finding the program challenging or interesting or a life course I was sure I wanted to go down anymore
The only jobs I really can do with biology are lab jobs, which are somewhat boring. There are some others, but not many
Yea, I think that's true. Other people say that I am a quitter
They say I quit everything
No, I'm not aware of any local job centers around me. I mostly have been looking online at places like indeed.com
I'm not sure what you mean by "job center," I guess, either
Oh, yea. That's a good reframe. I like that.
I suppose, I'm just getting older and wish I had better, more stable options available to me. All this education hasn't really left with me many hard skills, I feel
Interesting. I guess I can look into that. I am from Ohio. That's not bad advice.
I am somewhat kicking myself for paying so much money on education that wasn't really worth that much. I guess there isn't much I can do about that, though
I suppose there can be truth in that. I had a friend say that as well, that education is never a wasted effort. I agree sometimes. I should have thought about the program more before I went into it, but ah, oh well. Nothing I can do about it, now.
No, it wouldn't be transferable.
I have though about doing some grad school for something bio related. I don't know.
I'm 30 now and getting burned out, to be honest
Anyway, you've said a lot of nice and helpful things. I don't want to take too much time from you. After all, you won your bonus money. But, I really do appreciate you talking to me.
Yea, people are going to school older and older. True
Thanks. Well earned money there, for you
Bye
No problem. Not bad at all for spelling or grammar, in my opinion
bye
i am kind of depressed
how are you?
you are so nice. i lost my job and having trouble finding a new on
one
that is good for you! i don't think the job i was at is coming back.
i just feel so discouraged no one is responding to my jobsearch
that is a good idea. i updated the contact info. but i could read it again.
i feel like no one is really hiring because of the holidays i can understand that, except i need employment now. i already cut back on christmas and am just making little inexpensive gifts
can i ask you something?
i hope that the love comes across!
do you think anyone actually reads the cover letter part of your application?
Right!?! I agree! Lol.
thats funny and too real.
i just was thinking about what you said earlier and maybe
if i took the part of the cover letter where i state my transferable skills and put it at the beginging of the resume it might help. after all i think we both decided no one is really seeing it in the letter. what do you think?
Hi ok I guess
Very worried
I am being evicted
I am very scared I will not find a place to go in time
December 31st the CDC moratorium ends alot of people will be homeless
Many are fake we are in a housing crisis
Yes, I may be going to my brother's to wait out the pandemic
Hoping many people will speak up
We definitely should all pull together. I am also hoping to find some grassrooots charities for people like me without families
I contacted the community law program, thanks for the idea
Sending them an email after this..
Agreed! Thanks for your support!
I am noy allowed to feel better for 3 more minutes so I guess I am still working on it
Where have you found your most useful resources?
Twitter seems to be where I have also found most of mine.
yes, and get advice sometimes. I do like to keep the corcle small tho
THank you
Hello. How are you?
Pretty well at the moment, but not so good overall.
Well, I can't figure out a good strategy to study for my tests. I keep failing.
Mainly, the ones that require memorization, subjects like political science, government, history, economics, biology. I don't really struggle with physics or math because it's more whether you can do the thing or not.
that is correct
Well, yeas, that was kind of working for me for a while, but now corona hit us, and all the classes are online. So group studying is no longer as efffective. Do you have any other methods of overcoming it, that you are willing to share?
Yes, I could. It brings its own complications but it should be fine.
Thank you for the advice
Hello how are you \
I am good, I was wondering if you could help me with advice from a breakup that I went through many years ago
Yes, but I still think about it all the time
It still bothers me
Has something similar happened to you before
Many years ago this was not recent at all
But none of my partners have lived up to her
How did you come to that realization
Was it just time or was there something that you actually did
Oh that is good advice
did it work for you or would you suggest that I do something like this
or something slightly different
Yes since that time I have dated other people , and many of them have been great people
It still keeps lingering in the back of my head about my ex even though I have had other great partners
Yes this is good advice thank you
Thank you this is very kind and helpful advice, and it is helpful to know that it comes from experience
Please tell me if there are any other things that I should try that you have not mentioned as well?>
Are there any particular books or authors that you would recommend
That is good, I have a friend that only reads these types of books, I could ask him for some suggestions, I don't want to seem like I am being a burdun to him though
He is a counselor and I am sure that he is frequently asked to help people when he just wants to be a normal friend
I just don't want to ever feel like I am being a burden to people,
That is very true that different people have different gifts that they want to share I never thought of it like that
Have a great day and thank you
oh wait
have we reached the appropripriate amount of time
Hello! I'm pretty good today, what about you?
I'm just having some old thoughts about a past relationship. IT's making me sad
Yeahhh I re read some old messages from a while back and just started thinking about it again. IT's going to sound quite dramatic, but I regret breaking up with this person. I feel as though they were my soulmate. And I ruined it
Pretty much... but the dumb thing about that is I am the one who broke it off. I was with him since beginning of high school, and so I never knew anything other than him. But Earlier this year I was having second thoughts and thought we should try new things for a while. In the beginning, I was doing fine and he was having a really hard time. But now I miss him more than anything and he is now better off without me
Yeah? Do you miss any of them? Or do you feel like it was right for you in the long run
Yeah that is good. That is everything that I'm hoping for. But it's not coming fast enough
I really appreciate that way of looking at it. Of course I will always cherish my memories and the things I learned from him. And I want to think of those things as happy experiences rather than sad memories
How long did it typically take you to finalyl be over them and happy with what you ecperienced?
Hahaha yes. That really does help honestly !
Yeah I guess I am just waiting for that day when my thoughts are genuinely me just grateful for the times we shared but not missing them. And honestly, some days I do feel like that! And then it all comes back. I think I am getting there
Yeah exactly. You are right!
Thanks so much
:) I definitely will
hi
im good. getting tired. had a long day
hola?
im good. just talked to my friend who is going in for heart surgery next week
thank ya. yeah it's important im there for him right now. he has to be nervous. they're going to open 4 or 5 valves.
thank ya. nothing that much different. i told my sister about it. she seems understanding about it.
nope. i feel that i get enough support from family. it might've been an option if I didn't have a strong support system
yeah they feel like part of the family. i've known them since i was in college 20 years ago. we haven't always talked the whole time but....
thank ya. him and I are there for each other. We dated briefly at first but have been friends ever since. He said I was the one who got away. But he was the one who ended it lol
It's been good. We've been talking about Covid and the election too. I know I'd be nervous to go in for heart surgery.
just being there for each other as a listening ear
thank ya! nity nite
i appreciate your compliment. you too. have a good night. bye
Hello
Are you here to help?
not to good
my wife wants to split and it was after finding out we couldnt have any more kids, we have 1 already
Thanks. Do you think there is any way to fix this?
yes very open and honest. Turns out she has some form of cancer and it is the cause of not being able to have anymore kids.
yes very stessful. I want more kids. I have only had 2 of my own, 1 with my wfie 1 with my former partner.
no not a huge deal breaker. But it is at the same time.
Its a hard situation
a little of both i suppose. Its so hard to choose.
I guess time will tell...
thank you for your help. I appreciate it.
of course. I appreciate it so much.
I want to stay with my wife, I really do.
I guess there could be medication available to help perhaps.
Yeah could probably do that. We are early in this so things could go either way.
I hope they go good for my and my wife sake.
I have sleep problems and have been trying different medications. Its hard to get the right amount of sleep.
thank you for all of your help. I hope all goes well. I appreciate it so much!
Hi
I had misunderstanding with my friend and I have fear that I am gonna loose her
I was bit busy and wasn't able to talk to her for a few days, so she thought I was ignoring her.
Yes, she thinks I am ignoring her, but I never meant to do that. I tried to tell her that I was busy with some work, but she thought I was lying to her and now I'm very sad.
What should I do to still be friends with her? I don't know what to do anymore!
Yes. I even texted her and called her. She opened my messages but didn't respond and she even ignored my calls.
Its been more than 3 days and I have given her time. I don't think I can wait longer. I might loose her.
Due to the COVID cases right now I am trying to not risk the safety of others and myself. I don't know that going up to her house would be the best option at this moment :(
We have been friends for so many years and I do not know why she is acting like that. I do not want to loose this precious friendship.
I appreciate your suggestions. This sounds like a good option.
Thank you so much for your help!
I hope so as well.
Hope you have a wonderful Holiday.
How do you become happy? How do you find something worth living for?
I don't really know anymore, nothing makes me happy these days.
I used to like reading a lot but it's become a chore.
Mostly fiction books. Fantasy, historical novels, contemporary fiction, anything really.
Do you like reading again? What helped?
I wanted to try rock climbing, but I don't know. I'm not really in the best shape.
I feel like people will just make fun of me.
I guess I can give it a try.
But I don't know if it will be enough.
I guess you're right. I tend to get caught up in my own thoughts, which never have anything good to say about me.
That's kind of you to say.
Yeah I think I'll check if any gyms are open right now and try a class.
Hello.
Not very good. I just learned today that my job will be making layoffs.
No, that isn't good.
People will lose their jobs. Po ssibly me.
I don't have seniority in my position. I have only been at my job for 5 years.
Yes, the uncertainty is crippling. Especially in these times.
I'm not sure what to do and I just want to know what my company plans to do.
I am definitely trying to stay optimistic and hopeful.
I agree. I am keeping my options open in case there are layoffs.
Well being laid off could be painful because I really like my job and it will be hard to find similar pay.
Well that's good. I am hoping for the best for myself and my collegues.
colleagues
Thank you for your support.
Hi! I am feeling down and upset
No! I keep hearing the negative cruel remarks being repeated in my head over and over
Also, you typing in all caps consistenly makes it feel like you are yelling at me
How I am worst than a pig. I am white trash! Even pigs are cleaner than I am . I am worthless
Ok no worries . I am so sorry. Please continue in caps. I just sprained my left thumb and wore a splint
It was so difficult and painful so ignore my comment
No I currently live with him. My ex was way worst
I have two boys and he said if I left him I would never see kids again.
no I know him and he took photos of the house . He has proof I ve been diagnosed with Major clinical depression so he d prove I m unfit
possibly but he won't go to therapy nor am I allowed to either
Thanks for trying . I am going to go lay down and take a nap!
No thank you for your suggestions. I will think about it. Hope you get better soon with arm . Good luck
and Keep safe.
Good afternoon.
I am feeling okay how are you?
Thank you. That is good. I feel I am depressed because I have been bullied and it is still continuing today.
Well, to be honest, dealing with these bullies are pretty tough, Is there a safe way I can handle them?
Okay. I will do that. Thank you.
Also, what if one of the bullies starts a fight with me?
I do. One more piece of advice before we part ways. I have my fiance for support.
I would want to know how I can stand up to these bullies.
Yes he has. I will thank you. Yes. We are meeting in a park and I have people who are coming down.
I will thank you so much for your help.
Today at 5 pm.
I will thank you. I am but I think I will be alright.
Thank you!
Have a great day!
Hello
Im going pretty good, just trying to get through laundry
Not too bad, it's more so the folding and putting away afterward that seems to take the longest.
It does feel good to put things away though, my room has been a tornado recently, just not feeling like doing much these days. The pandemic crazies hit pretty hard recently.
I wish I could just see peoples faces again, and go out to eat. It really sucks to be at home all the time. Like I get it, but it's challenging, and lonely.
I want to be optimistic but its hard when it feels like you're always on the brink of losing everything. It really sucks.
I would definitely say both. I also don't live near any family or friends anymore. I moved to a totally new place a few months before the pandemic
Lost the job I moved here for, most of the friends I had made needed to move back in with family, it's just a mess.
And we're on level red these days, so most businesses are closed around here.
Yup.
As much as possible, but it's never the same.
It's strange honestly. Part of the reason I moved away was to get away from my home and everything familiar, and this whole experience kinda reminded me why it's nice to have that around.
There's no need to find a solution, really. It's just sucks, and that's okay
It's perseverance through hardship that make you grateful in the end, but the process still sucks.
Haha no way that place sucks. :)
I love where I've moved, it's lonely for now, but the small taste I got of the town when I first moved is enough to stay for.
We'll see what the future brings.
It's very easy to. Just watching old videos with crowds of people is so strange and nostalgic
Lol for sure dude.
Thanks for chatting :)
It's good to get crap out.
Agreed. It's better than nothing though
I hope you have a great night, seeya!
Yeah, I'm pretty stressed today with the news from Nashville
I had to miss my family Christmas get together yesterday as well
oh yeah, there was a bomb that went off in Nashville Tennessee this morning
Very stressed
I have a full home gym actually. I just never am motivated enough to use it lol
Yeah, some exercise could help get my mind off of other things
They do but I'm not very into alternative medicine. I did relax outside for a bit though. Its very snowy and pretty here today
we got about an inch of now over the night
That's a good idea actually, I've been tracking snow in going up and down stairs, could clear a path
I love snow, winter is my favorite season I hate hot weather. It started christmas eve raining a ton here but it got to 15F over the night so it turned to a pretty heavy snow.
They are, helped take my mind off of the stuff I wass stresing over
I do have some incense sticks, I usually use palo santo sticks though
I think I have some rosemary essential oil actually
I do, have some music on currently
I love music, I'm almost always listening to something lol
I will definitely try out the roemary oil
no I think that helped. Gonna try those out in a few minutes, thanks : )
Yeah, I feel a lot calmer now
Thank you for all of the help
do you not have one?
hello
I'm stressed about my college finals.
They are in 1.5 weeks and I'm a sophomore in college
yes I'm glad I have time!
I think I'm just nervous that I won't get all A's in my classes. I have a 4.0 GPA so I really want to keep that.
Yes I actually just made that yesterday! Check lists help me to get things done so I'm just going to start checking them off one by one.
haha yes please! that will make me more happy
I actually just left for home yesterday and am here now. I
I will also stay home to do finals instead of going back
Oh wow! Thankfully I was able to go back. It helped to be around friends and not at home.
yes, it is sad that this semester isn't like last year. That's been hard
yes, it's a bit depressing to be honest. i feel like i'm not living like a college student anymore
thank you! its been an adjustment but thankfully im doing good.
for the most part yes. i do miss my friends obviously
i think they probably have haha
thank you for your help!
Hi
It's going okay. I'm just having a hard time.
It's mainly my husband. His spending habits are out of control. He thinks he need to reward himself for living. We can't survive if he keeps gifting himself.
I've tried talking to him about it, but he claims that he needs to reward himself or he wouldn't do anything. Like, if he gets up and goes to work then he needs to eat out to reward himself.
Exactly. And if I push further, he compares himself to other people: "Well, at least I don't hit you." or "At least I'm not an alcoholic" Like I should thank him for existing.
It's hard because we have children. When we were just dating, he was a different person. He didn't start to act this way until after our eldest was born.
The problem all boils down to money. If I had enough for therapy I wouldn't be worried about his spending habits! lol. But, you're right, that's probably what we both need!
Really? I'd definitely be interested in that. Do they have online therapy like that?
Thanks for your help. You said you've been in similar relationships. Is this behavior common for men?
Haha, true. I just wondered. I had previous relationships, but they were very short. My dad was always the opposite: he was a penny-pincher. Sometimes I worry that maybe I'm just to stingy with the money, but then I remember that we have none, so Idk how to be more generous lol
Thank you for your help and feedback. I appreciate it. I'm going to select Finish & Quit
I'm depressed...
Since as long as I can remember. I've always been depressed.
I know. It feels like I've tried everything but nothing works.
Yes. I used to be angry but the anger has become sadness...
I never knew that. When I was young, I was very angry but I held it inside.
Yes, it has. I'm still hoping that there is a cure.
My parents got divorced and it ruined my childhood.
That's a good way to look at it.
No, I don't. I could look into it.
That sounds like a good idea. Thank you so much.
Hello.
I am so upset. It's ridiculous how things keep happening to people around me.
I suppose my supporter is not here.
I am just so upset
It's like things never get better
Yeah...
My mom is in Mexico right now for some ex who got deported. Like come on. It's bad enough she sent money to him.
Hm. I tried moving on. And it just appears she gets worst
Not really...
She just keeps asking me for mone
I gave her like 10k for the house she bought and she hasn't done anything back.
Yeah. I get that
She rented it to some guy and left before even getting some decent money
so now she is stranded in Mexico with some guy who can't even afford to get her back
I wonder if I should do the same...
My grand mother basically gave me a whole speech about how ashamed she is.
But who knows. Apparently my mom said she'll put the house in my name for all these things I did for her.
Kind of annoying to be frank.
My grand mother is ashamed of her daughter
I am kind of left with a weird circumstance.
Only reason she has a house is because I helped. And if I leave it. Everyone in my family said I would be irresponsible to let my mom lose it.
Yeah, they said they already know my mother is irresponsible.
Instead they suggested I should provide extra financial security to myself or at least some future children.
Grandma already is giving a home and 2 apartments but... I guess I am the only kid. Christ.
My mom lost my om over 100k to be honest. It was crazy growing up to that
Yeah. I guess boundaries are good.
I left her without much help to be honest but I guess just hearing it frustrates the crap out of me.
I would but it isn't even my property
And mom needs a place to stay... sometimes I wonder if she just wants to be homeless
More like she keeps talking about doing something crazy like have a police chase
and how she doesn't care for anything
I tried to baker act her after she tried to call the cops on me randomly
It ended up them asking dumb questions like if she knows what day it is
letting her free
somehow ending up with her getting herself hospitalized 2 weeks later for low hemoglobin.
yeah it sucks
Tried to get her on disability but they just denied her
She was brought up with bipolar depression before I was born. She said she just ran out the hospital..
I don't know how she is just getting the consequences of that now
That was about 30 years ago
Crazy they didn't stop her
Well I do feel better. Thinking about boundaries. It has been less stressful being so involved.
I've heard she has a lawyer trying to straighten up the whole disability and tr eatment thing
My girlfriend just won't let me stay out of it
Saying my mom has no one and I would regret it if she just does something crazy
Yeah. If it was up to me I would probably just be dead silent
Yeah. That's a good point.
Well I think the point about boundaries really stuck with me
I feel so much better now
You too.
I am very sad and depressed because of a recent breakup. How can I ever forget it and move on.
I thought everything was great and I already had my wedding dress and we planned a wedding and out of nowhere he dumped me. Now his family won't talk to me either.
Yes, we were only engaged for about a month but we have been friends since childhood.
Yeah, it was basically my whole life. We broke up two nights ago and he already changed his number and blocked my on social media.
I would like to talk to talk to friends but they happen to be his sisters. So, I am cut off from all of my support. Thank You for talking to me.
I have been wanting to join the gym. Is it hard going alone or do you go with friends? I hate doing things all alone.
That is a good idea. I need to be around other people who have goals like weight loss. My boyfriend never wanted me to join groups and only wanted me to be friends with his family. That is why I am so alone right now. I made bad choices.
I agree with you. Do you think that I should try calling his friends and asking for his new number?
Yeah, I can see your point of view. I have been obsessed with our relationship. We had a fight and it was a verbal war between us and he wouldn't forgive me afterwards.
It is true and I am a really nice person and have turned down other guys for him. I am going to stop thinking about him and just join the gym today. You have opened my eyes!
Hello, I would like to talk to someone about my situation at work.
My company is going through redundancies at the moment and I will not find out for another month if I am going to be included.
I have a huge workload on at work and the bosses just keep piling more on top which makes me more stressed and anxious.
Breathing calmly will not help pay the bills if I am made redundant. It's not fair, I cannot be made redundant if they keep giving me more work.
Sort of. I feel they have no communication or empathy for their employees. How can a company who is making their staff redundant expect them to work harder?
No, only my direct manager. Do you think that will help?
I think that's a good idea, I will try that. What kind of things should I say?
Ok thanks, i will do that.
Thank you for your help and advice.
Yes thank you.
Ah one final thing, other than breathing how else do you recommend for handling anxiety?
Ok thats great, thanks.
not really well
how about you
i lost my job last week
that really shatters me
yes the worst situation i met in this year.
yes i have someone but they are not ready to talk with me
I know it, but people aroud me are angry because i lost my job
i worked for six years and 4 monts
yeah thats why im here
yes i am, but the compay lay off me to reduce their expences
and thats my worst time
dont think like that, it is very hard in that situation
try to stay in your job whatever may happen
I ask them to do so, but they don't give any informaton back
yes, there is one i know
but it is closed because of the pandemic
yeah i would like to get any othe job
no i did not apllied it
i see, i will try to apply for it
yes i think so
thankyou very muck
much
thank you
i hope i will get a better obe
one
thank you
oh sorry i forgot
for some doubt, are you not able to subit it by your side
ok, ill get it
Hi
So I'm sad because it is hard for me to find a job with covid and everything and no one is willing to hire me.
I'm ok
I'm just sad
I do I have my bf and family around
I just want to start making a life for myself
It's hard and I don't know what to do any ideas?
I have but I am having trouble finding a call monitoring job
I really would like to do that.
Any ideas on where to look?
Hmmm Idealist would be another great source
I used Glass Door and Indeed
Any other ideas?
I will look into that as well
Thank you for your help
I am starting to feel somewhat better about my situation now
Thank you
I do I hope u do too
So how are things for u during this lockdown?
You're a Zebra to!! Yay! we're both Zebras together. :)
I'm the same way
I do to and plus it gives u extra cash
I just want this to be over with I want to go back to normal
That is true though
Hi Thank you for your time.
Thank you. My name is DJ and I do appreciate your time.
I really have a desire to write a life experience book to help others overcome past failures and struggles.
I am 66 and believe I can help others. I lack so much motivation.
Thank you. That is very affirming.
Yet, I have a block. I feel unworthy to write. Who am I.
Yes, I have been given this encouragement from other writers. Yet, still feel like I lack motivation and passion.
Hmmmm. That is so true.
I just get frustrated with myself.
Yeah, thats interesting. I am a Life Coach and that is what I tell others.
Thanks. I appreaciate what you are saying.
Have you ever thought about writing....book, blog?
You said you understand my frustration.....How so?
Sorry, I don't mean to be forward. I have had others tell me they understand. And yet, really don't.
They are nice, encouraging. And appreciated
Wow! Thank you for sharing. I appreciate your honesty and you definatly understand about frustration.
Yes, that is so true. That is what I do with those I Coach, counsel and consult with
Yeah, I appreciate chatting. This is good.
Yeah, I've got some ideas. I need to take my own advice.
Thank you for your time. You are good at this. Take care. God bless.
This has been refreshing. Bye.
I'm not good today. Not good at all.
I feel extremely scared. Honestly, I felt relief when he left. That he finally did the thing both of us were scared to do. But I was with him for so long. I grew up with him. I don't know how to live by myself.
Because he was my life. I spent every waking second with him. He cleaned the things I couldn't. He did the things I couldn't do. I have to basically re-learn how to live by myself again. It's really scary, you know?
It really is. I don't know how to go on. I've never been through a breakup like this before. I'm scared I'll never be able to find someone else or even think about dating anyone else.
Probably living alone and being on my own.
I don't really miss him honestly. I miss the comfort of having someone take care of me. We fell out of love awhile ago.
That's very true. I have to think about the future. I can do it on my own. I just have to think...this is the worst it'll ever be.
I will try. If anything, I can find myself through this instead of relying on another person.
Definitely an opportunity.
Thank you for hearing me and making me feel better about everything.
That's great advice. thank you so much.
That's very true, I'm not alone.
You've made me feel a million times better, thank you so much.
Tomorrow is a new day.
You're right. I will.
No there is not. Thanks for taking the time to talk with me today
Goodbye
I'm doing okay
How are you?
You're welcome
Ya, I just feel down recently
My best friend and I constantly argue
She hates who I'm dating and wants me to leave him
Ok I will give that a try. He's very good to me and I care deeply for him.
That's a great idea! Like bowling?
Yes she would
Okay we will try bowling. Thank you for the help
No that was it!
Im okay
How do you want to do this?
Ive been feeling like other people dont like me
Yes, i automatically assume I'm valueless in the other persons eyes, no matter what they say or do to the contrary
Yeah, I've been texting my friend and he doesn't reply to me for hours and it makes me feel like he isnt as enthusiastic about our friendship as i am which hurts
We have decent phone conversations, I guess I'm just frustrated and sad about my worthiness, now that im typing it out it sounds not nearly as bad
Thank you
Haha thank you
What do you think i should do when i feel this way next time
Thats true
I always assume since im not busy that they arent too
I guessits a little self involved
I've been better to be honest. I think I need to break up with my girlfriend but she moved in last year and I don;' know how to approach it. I think I'm going to be in for a bad emotional time
It's a bit of a mix. I don't find her attractive that much any more and I think that's important. Also since moving in she is difficult to live with. I can't see myself with her long term.
It's good that you have had a similar experience and understand what I'm going through. We dated for a while. The thing is she is Italian and has moved countries to live with me. I feel so bad that this has happened.
Yes that's right, I helped her get a job and thought I'd just see how it goes. Her family loves me and thinks I'm great which makes this even more difficult. We have talked about things yes but she sees it as a bit of a joke I think.
It's great that you understand this. I think being the man puts more pressure on me to look after her and make sure she
she's safe etc
To be honest, it's amazing that you have suggested this. It's really hard to balance my needs and feelings without breaking her heart. It's hard for the person that's dumped but actually I think it is equally hard for the dumper!
That's exactly it. So do you think I should just talk to her and tell her how I feel? The thing is it's not like she can move out immediately. It's going to be a long drawn out experience.
Yes, I think I need to emphasize the friends element of it and potentially support her to move on. I suppose I'm fearful that it will never end but I'll need to face into that and stay strong, and obviously avoid being intimate as this would really hurt her if I continued to sleep with her. I need to be careful about that I think!
I must say, you have been fantastic to talk to about this, we have had a similar experience so I think the advice is coming from experience. Thanks for that!
Thank you for a great conversation. To continue as is wouldn't be fair on her and I see that now.
Yeah, I need to put myself first but also be considerate of her feelings. Thanks for that
Take care and enjoy your day.
Hi, I'm coping with losing my boyfriend to another woman and can't deal.
Thanks, I'm just still in shock.
I just don't know what to do.
That would be a good idea. Although it's a little hard with COVID restrictions.
That sounds wonderful.
Thanks for the support. Is it too early to start a new relationship?
I have to think about it more but I am lonely already
I am thinking of pursuing a new relationship and hoping to move forward
I just don't know where to find someone.
I have to think positive and love will come when I don't expect it.
Hi!
Hello, are you there?
I'm doing okay. How are you?
Not fantastic. I'm struggling in my job and I feel isolated every day.
Because even though I work in a large school, I feel like if there are any issues in my classroom with students, no one will help me out.
I don't understand your question.
Yes. That's what I said.
Yes. I am feeling isolated because management at my work is not supporting me.
Not really. They try to say that we should all make sure we are looking after our mental health, but they do nothing that would actually help us or give us a way to do it.
If a student is not focusing and causing disruption in a classroom, then I think they should definitely do something to help manage the beahviour of the student. Yes.
Okay. Do you have any support or advice?
That's good advice and I have, but the parents are part of the problem. They care less than their own child.
That's also a nice idea. Thank you.
Okay, thank you for your help today. Hace a nice day. Bye!
Thank you. That helps to hear someone else say that.
Have a good day. Bye.
I'm OK, but really nervous/scared. My boyfriend is having surgery this week for a serious cancer.
Over the last week or two, he can barely eat.
And sleeps all the time. I just want him to feel better, but the surgery is scary.
It is. And it happened so fast. He was really just fine in July.
That's what we are hoping. He was sort of stubborn about talking to the surgeon this week for advice, but finally listened to me.
Doesn't it? So you understand.
You can feel so helpless.
I think it helps him if I do.
He will be in the hospital for 1-2 weeks.
I'm a little nervous about what kind of help he'll need when he gets home.
Yes! I'm so relieved, with the covid restrictions. but I can.
I think only one visitor at a time, but he moved her to be close to me (met long distance), so his closest friends aren't local. The ones he'd want to visit.
Thank you... it really helps to talk to someone. I worry about stressing out friends.
Plus sometimes, they just don't know what to say, especially if they haven't known someone who has gone through it.
How did your mom do?
If you don't mind my asking.
OH, thank goodness. I'm happy for both of you.
It's just a strange year. I lost both my dogs to cancer in six months, then this. Then my cousin died of pancreatic in July. Plus some other acquaintances.
It's just felt like a lot.
Did your mom have trouble eating? And tons of fatigue?
Right, and as I bet you can relate, breaks are hard to get in COVID days.
that's what's scary, is right now, he's not in treatment. They think because of the cancer's location and the type, that surgery is the better option. So it's really just the cancer that is doing this to him.
That's one thing COVID has been good for. Lots of long walks with friends.
And I do have a young dog now who is a big help too. :)
It turned out, I got this boy between losing the two I mentioned. I am so very thankful I got him when I did and wasn't totally without a dog.
He's been a lifesaver.
Even though puppies are crazy.
Now just need to get through this week.
But another weird blessing about covid is I am not stressed about thanksgiving plans on top of the surgery.
I really appreciate you saying that.
I try to be, for him. Every so often, I hear a song and want to cry.
I should take a bath and cry now! Thank you so much. You've been a true help.
Have a nice holiday, if you're here in the States.
Take care.
I should add (although it doesn't matter). I'm female married to a female.
hi
Yes....well we are not living together now. We have to file papers for divorce
Yes legally married
She cheated.
And as far as I know is still with the person
It's horrible and hard to move on for sure
Don't laugh
Our one year wedding anniversary was this past Sat. Which I know I shouldnt be so miserable but I am. I think because like some people have told me we were still in our honeymoon stage. We were not fighting or having big issues....she just cheated
It's hard to see that. I feel like a failure and not good enough
Like why even get married in the first place if you are just going to cheat
Ya you wish you could go back in time and change things or never get married lol
Not much at all
I feel like I'm in a funk and can't get out of it. My house is a disaster. I have a small business I am not in the mood to work on....I"ve been slacking in everything
I do need to do something
I do
ok
the shiznet lol
I will try that
I need to do something
Thats a good idea
I know I keep telling myself if I get my act together (physically, financially, etc) that I would attract better people....the kind I want to be with
Very true
Ok well thank you for talking to me and the help
yea im good are u a pyschiratrist or something
i have things about overthinking about my past sometimes she flashes on and off through my mind when some of my collegues express their feelings of emotions through their relationships
The feelings i put for her the emotions its all gone for waste, she was my first love though
yea i ve watched a lot of motivation to help me relax my self , and i ve heard a lot of people say good things to me , my friends and family :) as time passes ill get much better i guess soo
Yea the only people around is the only valubale thing to u in this world
Do i have to keep talking about my feelings to you ? i can trust you right :)
hmmm great!!! i like you a lot so how do i avoid falling for the wrong one
yea thank you so much
Have u ever fallen in love ?
you must have gone through a lot i see , yea its worth the risk but also they away all that u have tooo :(
Hi I am seeking support to assist me with better sleep patterns.
No, it is not insomnia.
I could improve my water intake and eat more vegatables.
Thanks! What other ideas do you have?
Great, but I wake up frequently thinking about the recent events surrounding police and how they treat black people.
I wish there were more caring people in the world.
Correct, but having a kind heart does not keep me from waking up & worrying about my son and other black men in my family.
That's good advice.
Are you still there?
okay
Love conquers all
I'm looking forward to a fulls night rest.
Relaxing is good therapy.
Self care is needed.
I agree. Loving ourselves & the ones we care about too.
Hi I am not fine at all
This pandemic is really causing a lot trouble and anxiety to us
Firstly last three month a go my company cut off my salary and next month they are planning to layoff some staffs
What a trouble year!
This is not a hobbies matter now it is about my life and future, my job is as stake here, I don't know what do
Every one in the company are talking about it
We are all scaring
Because to find another job is not easy
Pandemic is causing a lot of problem and the second face of it is coming
We don't know what is going to happen if it comes
It is really serious,
People are losing job everyday by day,
I pray the vaccine will work if it is approved
I am try to look for another job now before layoff from this company
Nice chatting with you it time to go thanks
Bye for now
Hi
I'm doing better now that I have someone to chat with!
I've been feeling down and anxious about getting older lately because I've lost may parents and I'm worried about losing my aunts.
Exactly, I worry about losing my aunts because they are in their 70s and 80s. I worry about my own mortality as well.
I tell them every time I talk to them and try to spend as much time with them as I can.
I agree! We never know
I haven't but I will check some out. I love You Tube but never thought to look there.
I will definitely try that. It makes me feel better to know that you have found some comfort in hearing other people's struggles with their mortality or beliefs.
I have felt alone in my struggles. It's good to know that I'm not alone!
do you have a favorite video or book, or one that you found most helpful?
I appreciate you being here for me. You have given me some great ideas, listened to me, and have made me feel better. I feel calm and relaxed now. Thank you so much!
I agree, the world would be a much better place if we could all lean on each other in times of need!
Thank you so much! You have helped me more than you know!
So nice to have such a supportive friend to talk to!
I hope you have a great rest of your day as well! If you ever need someone to talk to feel free to message me!
Hi, I;m not too good. Just trying to get over a really bad breakup, still haven't wrapped my head around it to be honest
Yeah, apparently the covid situation was getting to him and after he lost his job, he decided he wanted to find himself and try the single life after ten years together
Yeah, thankfully, I was basically supporting us both. It was just the shock of it all. I came home from work and he was packing his things, no discussion, nothing just it's over and I've literally been crying all day. I don;t even think I miss him, I'm just mad about how he went about it
No contact, I sort of lost my temper when he tried to talk things over because I think he was going to use this as a threat but I was so disgusted after being tired from work that I just threw my phone and now my way of contacting him is gone
I sort of don't think I want him back. Not when he thinks our relationship is some sort of pawn for him to hold over my head. It sucks because my parents didn't even like him, I stuck my neck out for him and now this happens
I think I'm more scared of being alone because we were together for so long, you know? Like I haven't ever lived on my own. It sounds dumb but I think I'm going to miss the company more than my relationship
Or I could get a cat, to be honest being a cat lady might be less stressful
A cat would definitely be cheaper
Thanks for listening to me gripe about this, I was just shocked, you know? Like ten years gone down the drain but I guess that's life
A kitten definitely sounds like a good idea
Thank you and you too
hello. I'm very nervous about my job
Well, I just finally got my job about a month ago. I haven't worked for most of covid. But, I think they may start letting go staff because its getting really slow
FYI, it's new york, and it has gotten really cold. People might be worried about getting sick.
i mean regular sick, as well as covid
That's true, but they're not as bad as they were. I feel pretty safe. They make us get tested twice a week
I can't be unemployed again. I just got on a lease!
It was like one day we were soooo busy that we had a waiting list the whole day, then the next it was crickets
It didnt help when they forced us to start closing by 10
We just created this amazing winter wonderland and i get to go in this little hut out there and stand by a heater and serve people holday drinks all by myself. its amazing
i cant lose that
I'm depressed just thinking about it. I only got to work in there because its only for christmas. Before I had to stand outside by the door under a heat lamp and seat people. But I didnt mind
Should i pre-emptively start looking for new jobs?
I plan to keep it as long as possible. Its the most amazing working environment I've ever had
Would it be unprofessional if I ask my manager if my job is in danger?
What do you think i should do?
Idk, really. What should I say?
so you mean, demonstrate my willingness to be helpful?
Ok thats great advice
yes. thank you
Good afternoon
I am not good at all
Not about feeling well, it is about layoff from my job
It very serious here in my company firstly it was cut off and now it is layoff
Seriously! What I am scare of now is how to secure now job
I pray it works for me, I don't even dream about this at all I don't believed it can happen to me
I don't even know where to star from now I am confused
That is it my friend! A lot of people are losing their jobs on daily basis, that one a lone is scaring
Thanks friend! That is what I was thinking about
I will keep on try on till I secure a new job I will not rest
You are too good friend! I like your advice.
It is time to go now. Thanks and good bye.
I'm doing okay.
How can I manage the stress of school?
Yes, and it's depressing not being able to go out because of covid.
Yes, I have a fridge in my apartment?
I do go out for fun, it can be relaxing.
I find it difficult to stay motivated if I'm in my apartment all day.
Yes, but it is very cold
Yes, but my school starts soon, in a few weeks.
It will be stressful again.
Yes, there is hope.
Ah, I see.
I think meditation can be very helpful for calming the mind. That's good advice.
I see. Thanks for talking to me, I feel more confident about my school.
Has anyone had more luck since the stimulus check era?
I am making slow gains on my art gear project.
I have an Canon MkII camera to which of coarse I am searching for an small lense
The time it takes to purchase is gonig to be dependant on an budget.
Oh, yes that would help.
Oh yes I ebay all the time.
not too good
how are you too
i was furloughed
i don't know for sure
i am beyond depressed but luckily i found a place but the take-home can't cut it
its just part time and i am even scared of covid 19 exposure
the take-home is just too small
it took me time to find this job, there is no work anywhere.
and there is nothing i can do about the covid exposure because folks around here sees nose mask as treat to Pres. Trump
i am beyond frustrated. it s soo depressing
you got my point
i will keep doing that, may be something will show up
thanks, it's nice talking about it
thanks for hearing me out
yea
that will be all for now
you too
Hello
Well. Not so good i just broke up with my girlfriend and she is packing her stuff to leave
How are you doing?
Well technically it was a mutual agreement but i feel like I dont want this to happen
So what are you up to?
Hello? Are you there?
Well. Basically all started for jealousy and she saw a couple of text messages of my best friend and she misunderstood the conversation and since then its not the same.
She doesnt trust me
I tried in many way to help her with that and proving her that my feelings toward her was pure. I basically stop talking to my best friend to gain her confidence. But it did not work
So it got to the point that nothing was the same
So she decided to move away and gave us some spaces and think this out
We were together for two years
Im trying my best to go through this
I hope so. Thanks for all those words
It really helps
Well thank so much. You really help me a lot with every single word
Well i have to go. Ill talk to you later
Hi there, can you help me?
I feel depressed because I had to quit my job and stay home with my kids because of their remote school.
Do you have any advice on how to feel better?
I see. Yes I do enjoy knitting. I just don't feel like I have time to do that.
When I do have time I feel too exhausted to do anything else.
You're right, I need to find time for me.
Do you have other suggestions?
What do I do to meditate?
That sounds good, but how will it help.
Will that help me get through the day and be happy?
Ok thanks.
no I think you helped me enough.
Yes and thank you!
Hi, I am doing ok.
I am afraid about changing my job during COVID but I am not happy at my current job.
I am a helpdesk associate for a large telecom company. I don't like the hours and the pay here but I am afraid if I can get a job outside in this time.
I have tried the Pros & Cons method. Pros are better pay and hours, cons are tougher interviews and more rounds
Yes, I think I need to give a try but I lack the confidence to put my resume out in the market.
"Do it afraid"? Do you mean do it even if I am afraid? It sounds a bit too optimistic to me.
Ok, I think it makes sense. I may have to give it a try.
I am a good team player, I don't have any inter-personal or communication issues. Just that I need to be at a higher pay to reach some financial goals
Cool! I will try to get motivated and start applying. Your words are just what I needed in this gloomy atmosphere.
Ya, I think the key is to keep my current job and start looking elsewhere.
Last time I made a grave mistake of quitting my job and then searching! I was very new, and over confident
Thank you sir, I will definitely try it! You have shared Pure words of wisdom
Oh my apologies, mam!!
Definitely! Thanks a lot for your mentorship
Have a great week ahead :)
I am feeling okay, but I have been better
I am having a lot of conflict with my boss at work.
Honestly maybe. It is exhausting
It is just a little scary since I don't have anything else set up
I have and they just contacted her boss. Nothing changed after.
That might be helpful but I still feel like I am alone in this struggle
I guess I could at least try. You're so right
They don't. I think that is what makes it so much more difficult.
It probably is a sign I need to do something else anyway
Thank you. I appreciate you talking to me.
Bye!
Hi, I'm Anna
Going through a break-up. My 3rd one this year....
Nice to meet you too
It suckssssss
I feel like a piece of crap, and childish at that. I can't maintain any of my relationships. I think I'm going to be alone for the rest of my life.
Well, if past experience has any powers of prediction. I get super clingy, and do this push and pull thingy, where I break up and call them names, and then become so embarrassed it's hard to even bring it up. my last boyfriend said he thought i had borderline disorder
Yea, that definitely seems to be part of my problem. I really thought he was different, too. And when he broke up with me, I tried to get him to spend the night with me in a hotel, and I felt so pathetic because I was practically begging for sex
I think I am an addict.
Sigh.. yes. I have seen several. I also take meds from a psychiatrist.
Well... one told me that I should be put down like a dog to my face.
so, yea
I didn't. I was younger then. who knows. not gonna lie. maybe they're right. Sometimes I think I'm a psycho. My last therapist was always doing deep breathing exercises. It didn't help.
I also have a lot of anxiety. A LOT!
I even got an emotiona support dog
Yea, he's my best friend. At least I have one boy who has to stick around. He's on a tight leash
So trueee :) I just wish I wasn't such a freak.
Alright, bud. Thanks. You, too
I don't know how to get over this
I'm just alright.
I'm feeling just alright because nothing excites me or gives me joy anymore. Many of my family have passed on and the holidays are coming.
This pandemic doesn't help either. No gatherings with many people.
Only my Aunt, but I haven't talked to her in a long time. I just figure she's busy.
How do I get over feeling like I'm dumping on her? I know she's family but i'm sure she has problems too.
Yes, I suppose you are right. My aunt is the youngest sister of my mom. We used to see each other at family gatherings. Maybe she won't mind me calling.
I'm going to follow your suggestion and get myself out of this slump I'm in. I know I'm not the only person who goes through this, but it feels this way sometimes.
You have a good point there. I used to think if I had my family then I didn't need anybody else. But we all need somebody to talk to.
Thanks for your help. I'll go now and get my thoughts together to call my aunt.
Enjoy your holidays!
Hi
Not good
I can't do anything correctly in my life
No one recongnize me
No one love me
I am in depression
Yeah , i am in sad mood
Can you help me
.good family and good friends too.
But still i miss something
Do you have any feeling like me now are before
My problem is i have a good job. But i want to follow my passion . I need my job at the same time i want to follow my passion. But my parents said don't quit my job
Yes you are correct
Yes you are correct
Please tell me a simple advice
Excuse me sorry for latereply
Hello
Im ok. A little down because I am a bit lonely. I have others around me all the time but they want my attention and dont ever want to really talk to me or listen to me unless I am solving their problems
I just wish someone would want to have a conversation about anything besides their own issues. Friends, family, its all the same here
Do you understand what I mean?
Im glad someone does. I try to speak up but get no where
It is annoying and sometimes I get really down about it. I just want someone to talk to....I just want to know that someone will listen once in a while. Im honestly not that needy but everyone needs to know that someone will listen at some point
I am appreciative of the fact that you are taking time to hear what I have to say
I wonder what I should do sometimes. I try to tell friends and family that I cannot always be the problem solver, I try to make them see that I deserve a chance to ask advice, to just vent, or to just have a light talk about the weather or a party or something. They dont seem to hear me. One friend said she thought I was blowing it out of proportion. But thats the way I feel
What approach would you take if you were me?
How do I get through to these people or do I need new friends?? Lol
Because sometimes I think a new friend group isnt a bad idea....
I think it is hard to do that but maybe I should seek out a few new people to be around, some more give and take would be really nice. Not sure how I will do this though...
Im raising my grandchild. Maybe in a group of others in a situation like mine Id be able to find what I am looking for?
Well, with COVID and my one medication causing a low white blood cell count I cannot go out very much..
Once I can go out more I am sure it would be easier
Thats a great idea. I think I will seek out some online groups for support and some where I have similar interests like a book group or something. Thats a great way to start!
Im actually a little excited to give this a try!
I love to read so I think it would be fun too
Youve been very a very kind listener...thank you for that!
Do you think it will be easy to find online groups?
Awesome!!
Thank you again! I actually feel a good bit better because you took the time to listen!
Im going to have to leave now...I hope you have a wonderful night/day!! Thanks for everything!
Hello
I am okay I guess, I am really stressed and not sure how to handle it
Yes, I am not sure who to tell
Ok thank you
I have a lot of homework and housework, and especially during these difficult times it is hard to get support and feel like I am improving in life
It is really stressful and hard to plan out all the things I have to do, and sometimes I get a headache just thinking of it all
Yes, and not being able to meet friends or go out much makes it hard to get all my emotions out
Do you have any tips on how to deal with headaches or being overly stressed or anxious?
So something like going for a run, or watching a funny movie?
Thank you for the ideas
But what if you get so stressed you can't really think of anything else?
Thank you so much, your advice will be really helpful!
I think it is fine, but thank you so much for giving me tips
Hello there, would you be able to give me some advice?
The first lockdown was bad enough but the second has really thrown me into despair. I simply cannot cope without being able to see friends and family for much longer.
I have run out of coping mechanisms!
I use facebook quite a lot and it helps but it cannot compensate for face to face contact. I really need to be able to see people.
Well, part of the problem with that is that I am not sure what the rules are any more! We have been told so many different things that I am out of the loop.
I always do wear a mask.. I think we legally have to :). I really miss little things like going out for coffee or to the gym though. It makes me feel like will never be the same again.
I have a little bit but I don't want to burden them. The other aspect is that it is making me anxious about many others things too. I keep having morbid thoughts about what will happen if the pandemic never ends.
That's why I'm here ;). You are being very helpful, thank you! It's just nice to be able to tell people what I am worried about and not have them think that I am just being silly.
That does sound like really good advice. The other thing I haven't mentioned yet is that I have been having financial pressures because I am on furlough. I am worried that if this lasts much longer I will end up deep in debt.
I felt that you were very helpful. It is nice to just know that someone is listening. I do not think that there is much in the way of local resources at the moment - everyone is very stretched.
I do feel better for having been able to talk to you about this - thank you very much!
I think I will be able to carry on for a bit now. Thanks again and best wishes!
Hello
I am alright, how are you doing?
I really want to ask how you are doing and what issues you are having, I have done like 5 of these on the supportive side. I have been getting migraines lately which is making my depression worse
Pretty much my whole adult life, at least 12 years or so
I honestly have a pretty good handle on the depression, lots of therapy. The migraines are making it hard to get anything done though
I am honestly not sure, I have gotten one in my entire life before and 6 in the last month. I dont think that it is stress related
Honestly not really, things are going well at work and life is actually going well
No I am stuck going into work, we are essential enough to stay open
Yes honestly covid has definitely been exhausting. masks have been mandatory here for quite some time so I am never without one
Honestly I wear a mask 8 hours a day and its not a big deal
Not much has changed
Yes its been surprising, I have talked to my doctor and he suggested I try to document my triggers so I will try to do that
Anyway I have to get going, You have been very helpful. Have a wonderful day!
Hello, I am feeling very sad because I tested positive for Covid this week. I am in quarantine away from my family.
Yes, I tested positive for the Covid virus on Wednesday.
I'm by myself in my house. My wife took the kids to stay with her father until my quarantine period is over. I have mainly cold symptoms - body aches, stuffy head, sore throat. Nothing too serious so far.
I hope so. I'm on the older side (not senior citizen yet) with high blood pressure, so I'm a little nervous about how it will affect me.
Thanks for the advice. We're doing a lot of video calls so I can see everyone. That helps.
That's what is so frustrating - I feel like a couple more months or so and I'd have the vaccine. Made it a year, then get infected during the stretch run of this pandemic.
I don't know if that will ever happen, but if it becomes rare and much less deadly like colds and flu, we should be able to return to a pre-covid life or close to it.
I was fighting it, but Covid won this week!
I hope so. I'm only in like the third inning or so right now though.
Thanks for the encouragement. 10 days cannot come fast enough.
Thanks, good luck to you. Nice chatting with you.
I feel sleepy but can not sleep
It has always been that way
Yes I have but I never was able to find someone to understand
Yes I did.
I have tried that but it does not help. The images of my past haunt me.
Yes my father used to beat my mother and I would need to watch.
Yes I have everyone says to move on
Yes you are right.
Yes I am.
I am sorry I was thinking about the trama
Thank you.
I don't know.
When I first called this number a voice said to state what the problem. Do you have that information?
Give me a minute and I'll restate it okay?
Friday while out doing last minute Thanksgiving shopping I got a call from my best firend's that my best friend was rushed to the hospital. I hung up and rushed to the hospital. When I got there my fiance and my best friend's family were all there. Hold on let me finish.
The sister told me my friend has advance Kidney Failure and could die at anytime. I just saw my best friend Thursday and she fine. The sister also told me my friend has AIDS and hasn't been taking her medicine. My jaw dropped because this is my best friend. She went on to say I need to get tested because my best friend and fiance has been having an affair. I couldn't believe anything she was saying. I confronted my fiance know he would say it wasn't true. He didn't deny or confirm anything. He kept saying he was so sorry. I've been at moterl since Friday after i ran from the hospital. I don't know if my best friend is dead or where my fiance is. I'm scared and mad.
I dont know if my best friend is dead or alive.
I don't want to see my fiance because him being at the hospitalbefore me verifies what the sister said. How couldthey do this to me.
There was nothing I wouldn't do for either of the two of them and this is how they repay me? I know its wrong but there 's a part of me that wants her and him to die.
With all the crap happening in the world this had to land on my head. WHY? WHAT DID I DO?
Were you married to him?
I'm scared to get tested. What if it comes back positive?
Was the child he had a boy or girl?
Have you been tested for AIDS? What do they do when you get tested?
Didn't you say you have a daughter by him? And you haven't talk to him since he cheated? What about your daughter feelings? She has a right to know her father doesn't she?
And no I haven't thought or going to therapy. I'm not the one who cheated on anyone and this just happened Friday. I didn't know where to start. So I called here
Are you or your daughter in therapy?
I'm not sure if you can help me because I've never did drugs.
Oh okay. I hope you and daughter have a nice holiday. My plan for the holdiay was to tell my fiance he's going to be a father and my best that she was going to be a Godmother. Now I don't know. It was nice talking to you. Good luck to you and your daughter.
I am ok. Kinda having a rough day today.
Sure. It's coming up on 3 years next month that I lost my boyfriend in a car accident. Its just really rough this time of year.
Extremely hard. I remember that morning like it was yesterday. He got killed within an hour after leaving the house on his way to work.
Very soon. And the worst thing is I was upset with him that morning. He had an addiction to xanax. I was not ok with it. He had went and got some that morning and he would always give them to me so I could give them to him so he didn't take them all. I was so upset that he went and got them. He was packing up his truck with things to take to the new shop that day. He was a tattoo artist and just started a new job. I didn't even get out of bed to help him and he knew I was upset with him.
I had decided that I was gonna wait to hear from him that day instead of texting or calling him. I wanted him to realize how upset his addiction made me. Instead the phone call I got was that he had been killed.
I haven't done any counseling. I know I should and it would probably help me. I don't know why I have not.
I don't feel guilt about it. Now at least. I was pretty hard on myself at first. But I know that he knows why I was upset that morning. It was something we dealt with a lot.
I went and talked to a therapist once right after and never went back. And I don't know why. He was amazing to talk too. But I just never went back.
I don't have any contact with his family. I actually had to block them on all social media. They are extremely religous. Which there is nothing wrong with that. But he didn't have the best relationship with any of them. They couldn't accept him for who he was. His biological father didn't have anything to do with him. His mom was remarried and had two more kids and they didn't treat my boyfriend very good growing up. He ended up living with his grandparents. He finally had acceptance in my family. He actually talked to my mom more than I did lol.
His family has been pretty horrible to me and my girls. And I know it's because they have guilt for the way things were with their relationship. They didn't even invite me and my girls to the burial of his ashes.
It's very sad. Not what I wanted at all. But they were really horrible to me and my girls. I know he would not be happy that they have treated us so poorly.
His sisters went and cleaned out and took everything he had from the shop the day after the funeral. Which really hurt. The stuff he had there meant alot to me.
I hope I can too. I just take everything day by day. I start a new job this week and hopefully things will start looking up. The last 3 years have been rough to say the least.
We weren't married. And of course he didn't have a will. He was only 32. So according to his family I have no legal rights.
Thank you for chatting with me.
Have a good night.
hello
is anyone there
sad. i broke up with my girlfriend
i do not know what to do
yes it is very difficult. we were together for 3 years
i had to break up with her though
yes you are right. it pained me to do it but it was for the best. no it ended roughly. she ran over my dog and i was angered
i broke up but maybe i acted quickly and should ask for her back
yes i think so. she was rushing out to get cake for a party and was not looking.
my dog was 13 years old. she was very close to me. i had her when she was a puppy
very true. should i take my girlfriend back? i gave myself time to cool off
I am not that good
I have tried everything but not able to find suitable job
Yes
I actually created good profile on LinkedIn
but so many people apply for same openings within few minutes.
Its highly competitive nowadays
Yes, I am taking feedback from my ex-colleagues
They have been very helpful but because of pandemic its pretty slow and lot of people are applying for same profiles
I actually used to help people in the past in their profiles but now its not working
I have a software background with business intelligence
Looking for position as business analyst of BI Developer
I have worked for several years in a dynamic startup enviornment
I was working on a senior position but I am looking for profiles like early starters
The senior positions are difficult to grasp because of economic slowdown
Yes, I was working from home for a while in my previous organization
Yes, I have atleast 5 different resumes with little tweaks. In a startup, you end up gaining knowledge of various fields.
No, I don't want to go back startup world again. That's not at all reliable
Its highly risky
Stability is much more important, I don't need a higher-level position at this point of time. I am already looking for junior profiles to enter faster in the job market
Yes, but I have made customized resumes for different profiles. I tend to remove many things like MBA wherever its not required.
I generally try to apply with a balanced resume, its just that market is highly competitive.
I doubt HR will have any concerns about my credentials about being over-qualified after getting hired. The reporting manager may be anxious rather happy to know about my skillset
Yes, they do check the social media accounts but I tried to keep generic profile over there to avoid concerns.
Yes, thanks. I will keep trying I guess. Hopefully I get a job soon.
No, that will be all. Thanks
Thanks, you too.
hi
is there someone there
Can you help me
hello
did you leave the chat
Please talk to me I need help!
I came here for support
Thank goodness
I am having a really hard day today
I got grounded becuase my parents found out that I recently started dating before age 18. I am 17 and feel like I should be able to have a boyfriend now
I have waited till age 17 as I knew this was best for me. The boy is my childhood best friend and has waited for years just to be with me and only me
Becuase they are trying to control me and dont want me to be happy and to be alone forever
Why would they worry about my safety? They have raised me to make decisions and I fel like I have made a good one waiting this long and in my own choice of the guy I chose to start a relationship with
Well, I guess I understand a bit more put like that.
please do
I am sad because I lost a family member to politics.
I was not invited to Christmas and had a separate one. So the family picture is really awkward.
Because he gets really angry at LGBT people.
Have a reason for what, do you say?
He has the right wing agenda stuck up his ass, but no, no real reason whatsoever.
Perhaps so, but I still feel like it is unfair. I have accepted that we will probably not be on good terms in the future.
I should, I fear that it will take too long, but it is worth it.
That's something you would have to ask him, but I feel like I am at peace for now. Let people do their own thing, is what I think.
Well I think you are right. Perhaps I'll do that right now. Thanks for chatting it was helpful!
Yes, thanks :)
Doing Ok And yourself
I am struggling so bad finding a job because I am scared of Covid 19
The food and beverage industry is where I have skills , but anywhere that I could just make money . I have never been this broke and poor in my life .
I live with my grandmother and my mom who are both elderly or have underlying health conditions
Yes , I also dont want them to have to support me and my family either .
I have tried but it seems I am way out my league due to me working in Bars, cafes, and restaurants my entire life .
Yes I actually do , I also have pretty good typing skills as well
Sure coud be . How did you know you could work online for as living
Is this a field you always worked in
Oh wow then maybe I could really pull this off , I dont know how I would manage do call center while my daughter is in Virtual
Oh wow that is really good to know . I have a laptop and also I could make me a very quite place in my home
I hope I really do find some online work so I could start making money soon
Thank you soo much
Thank you and you have a great day as well
Hi, how are you? Are you working?
I've been working from home since March. Today I get a letter saying I have to return to work. Can my job make me come to the office?
Are you working from home?
Hello? Do you know of anyone who was in this predicament?
Can they fire me? What should I do?
Who would I check with? The letter says "failure to return to physical could result in loss of employment."
We dont have access to our bosses where we can just randomly call them up. Have you helped anyone else with this problem?
I can't go back there I have a young child and I'm afraid I'll catch t he Covid 119 virus.
Thanks anyway.
Do you work from home?
Hello? Is your job hiring? I can't go back there!
Hi, I'm not good. And you?
My exboyfriend broke up with me because we fight a lot
Few years ago. We have been date for almost one year. We fight for many things
Perhaps the fights are silly but we fight a lot, and I think it's normal to fight but not all the times
We're looking for restaurants and I didn't want one of what he said and then we start arguing
We're cooking and instead of him helping me, he was disturbing me and then we start fighting
probably it's true
Yes, we're going to talk about it
it's better for both of us
The eyes is the key
for everything
I'll do it
a ultimate for him
It's going to help me
I didn't know thay
that*
I'll look it up. Thank you
yes, I love him
Thank you. Bye
Ok, I'll do it. thanks. Bye
I am dong good. You?
I have been staying home since last March due to COVID; getting very depressed.
What do you mean by support netwrok?
I have few friends and can talk to but not sure how would they help.
You mean share experiences among the friends?
Yes, I pay musical instruments but do to COVID could not play with the band
Any idea how would it work? Would there be any delay between the sounds from different instruments?
Thanks for the idea. I will give it a try.
Yes, it was.. worst I ever seen..
I hope so. As they started the vaccination everything should come back to normal in few months..
Thanks for your time and support.
Bye
Hi
I am feeling sad and lonely
Well I would typically reach out to local friends but I recently moved and with Covid it is difficult to make new friends
Yes, i wish i had some ideas on maybe some ways I could still make friends
I could check that out. I know many of us are doing virtual meetings but in person meetings are really the best. Especially when you are an extrovert.
I tried connecting with people via this app, sort of like a friend version of Tinder but no one responded back to me.
It can be so frustrating. Why are you on the app if you don't want to respond to people?
Yes, that is what i was hoping so i tried that. I guess i will need to give it another try to see if i can find someone who is willing to meet.
True. This has certainly been a year of having to take a breather from time to time.
Thanks for your encouragement
Yes, I have two good actions to try now. Have a good one!
Hello!
Doing okay. How about yourself?
Sort of, yes.
I
If that is okay yes.
I feel like my friend group kind of judges me for simply being myself. It makes me somewhat upset.
I know they are most likely joking, but sometimes I take some of the things they say to me very personally.
Should I still hang out with them even if they are making me feel this way?
Right. The people who you think you can go to are sometimes the ones who will not really be there for you.
And I have not. I just try to brush it off.
I feel like I am afraid to confront them about this because I don't know what they will say.
That's true.
Maybe I might give it a shot and talk to them about how I feel.
It's just their response is what I'm afraid of because I don't know if they will react positively or negatively.
Kind of. Sometimes I feel like I am better off without friends but then again, I've known them for so long that I just don't want to push them away or anything.
Ah okay.
You're right. I may just need to communicate with them more.
This was very helpful. Thank you for your time.
You as well.
Hello, I hope you can help me.
I work hard at my job in an office. We acquired another company and my job is now twice the work.
Two of my coworkers have gotten a raise and I have not gotten anything!
I have hinted around that my job is sooo busy and he knows it, I haven't come out and said anything yet.
Yes, I have been at the job for 15 years and make a decent salary but this amount of work is insane. Do you think I should bring it up to him>
Yes, I think so too. I like my boss but he is funny about things sometimes. Any ideas on how I could bring it up to him. I hate feeling this way, my attitude is really turning sour.
I know!
So, I guess I'll have to be honest and brave at the same time.
Do you think I should bring in proof....paperwork, etc. I have been working extra as well.
Ok, I am just so angry over the whole thing, I'm going to have to keep my cool and let him know without getting an attitude, do you think that will work?
I will try, I hope I don't start crying! I tend to get frustrated and cry.
Yes, you are right, it will make it a bad situation.
O
oops
I'll try not to, I have to be calm, like you said
Thank you so much for your positive support!
I'll let him know I need to talk and I'll remain calm
Fingers crossed! I really have gone above and beyond and feel I really deserve it.
Thank you so much, you've been very helpful!
Merry Christmas!
Hello
I am not feeling very good about myself lately
I am a single mother, and I dont recieve any support from my childs father. I am struggling mentaly because I have no one to talk to. I have lost all of my friends since becoming a mom.
Thank you, but I feel like everyone says that.
I think the main reason ive lost my friends is because I cant go out with them or hangout anymore because I have a baby. Im not fun anymore. I had my child young so I feel like I lost out on my youth
Yes, thats right. But Im having trouble accepting the fact that I have to do this alone.
Can I ask, as a single mother yourself, what was something that got you through those hard times? And was it hard financially?
My child's father has six other children and said hes at the max on child support. I guess I wont be getting anything from him. But Ive been making it work, its definitely been hard, but Im getting some money saved to give my daughter a better life.
Thank you so much for talking with me today
Hello
Hanging in there, how are you?
I need some help
I have been having too much anxiety after the pandemic started. I have too much on my plate.
with that said, I have been angry at my kids. I work full time, have to take care of the things at home, cook, clean, etc, and sometimes deal with my 6 year old when he is distance learning
he needs help with the online assignments since he is so young
only my spouse, I don't have family in the United States
I am from Brazil. my family is there. My husband also has a lot on his plate, he is working from home and helping with what he can.
well, I used to have someone come clean my house, but since the pandemic started, I dont feel safe about bringing other people to my house
my husband is also very stressed out
I went to the doctor and he thinks I should try some medication since I have no help, but I am scared
it's an antidepressant and a sleeping pill since I am having insomnia as well
Maybe, I am afraid of trying int but I may not have another option
Thank you, good to know. I will fill my prescription
I cant live like this anymore. Thank you for your input.
No, that is it. I guess parents of young children are having a lot of stress with the pandemic and I am one of them unfortunatelly
Did you get addicted to the medication
Did you get addicted to the medication? I worry about getting addicted
Ok, great, I will call him now and check then. But thank you for your help !
I am okay, I am very worried about my friend. I believe she is abusing prescription drugs.
I don't think it, I guess I actually know she is. She use to have a heroin problem and went on methadone. She has since started taking anxiety medicine in order to get high.
I think I know what I need to do, It is just hard.
I agree, and after going through this in the past with her, I just can't sit and wait for the train crash. she feels like she is doing nothing wrong because she has valid prescriptions.
I feel like I should just cut her off completely, I don't have time for her drama. What do you suggest?
True, I definitely do not need to be caught up in her mess. I have too much to lose. I just feel bad like i am abandoning her.
True, I know she has to want to help herself.
I hate this disease.
Probably a lot, hopefully you made amends. I will talk to her and tell her I am here for her if she decides to get clean.
I will talk to her tomorrow, thanks
bye and thanks for listening
bye
I need assistance in sleeping sound at day time.
Yes. I don't want to go by medicine.
Not late at night. But thoughout the night, starting in the evening ending in the morning. In between I can sleep enough I want, no throughout the night.
Do you know any kind of exercise that can bring good sleep, not a medicine.
Yes again. I have to do something to sleep well.
My schedule starts in the evening extends through the night. But I can take sleep as much I want. But not throughout the night.
Warm shower helps you sleep. I learn to do that. I was thinking a bath will keep me fresh and will reduce sleep. Thanks for your advice. Also I am making arrangements to keep my room full dark, no small light at all.
Thanks again for your advice.
Yes. I like songs. May be that will also help me for good sleeping. I will try that. I think it will help.
Thanks. I feel satisfied having some ideas. I think these will work. Thanks again. Shall I take a leave ?
Bye. ! ! !
I will try and find. BYE . . .
The virus is making it hard on me and causing me loneliness even more this season
It has been for awhile.
about 3 months ago
Not really. I had people to talk with
I WFH. I am a writer
Basically because I can not at least have the nise of the people around me at times
The only connection we have is like this
I try to write for a company. Personal views
My current living arrangements does not help either.
Do you feel that way?
Are you taking the vaccine
I won't take the shot
I don't trust teh vaccine as it has side affects
Im never take the vaccines
I never take the flu shot either
If the vaccine is that great then why did it take so long to make.
Why because of my personal beliefs, I am not being selfish.
Do you wear a mask every place you go
I protect myself wherever I go. However the people that ignore the mask are more of a health risk than my not getting the vaccine
have a good night
I'm in depression because i have fair of i will lost my job
because lots of people in my office they lost their job
because of this job crises situation of covid
how is your situation?
yes all effect because of this Covid
yes I'm also trying to come out from this situation
no i'm trying to talk but i couldn't
I'm just thinking but i couldn't i don't no why
I think because i have fear of maybe i lost my job that's why
yes
Thank you for thinking that much for me
yes , Thank you for your support
Thanks, bye
hello, i am struggling with the isolation and lonliness of Covid 19. it has me depressed
hello?
a little bit; it's just not the same. i am a big hugger
really? i've never heard of that
how do find such chats?
what a great idea!
yes, i can see the benefits
yes, i try to walk outside everyday too; weather permitting. and that does help. it's mostly the evenings, when I'm really bored, and everyone else seems so busy
yes. and i'm self employed and work from home, but right now my business is shut down, due to covid
it sure is. and knowing that it wont last forever, helps a little bit too. i just really miss traveling
are we done?
anywhere! everywhere!
it's hard to plan, without knowing when it will be safe to travel again. but im researching things, so ill be ready
well, thanks for chatting with me. i feel a little better already
Hello
Not too good. I am owed a lot of money by my friends but they aren't paying me back blaming covid.
Yes, as recently as yesterday, but they keep delaying. And as though rubbing salt to wound, I can see them spending on personal goods instead of returning the money to me.
I am not sure if they have borrowed before, but sure as hell, they have not returning any loan I can tell.
*they are not
Absolutely. This has put me in a tight spot financially
I can try talking to their family but I am afraid I am not that close to their family
May be I can try that, $50 a week or asking them to pay in instalments sounds like a good idea. Problem is I loaned hard cash and I need as cash, not digital transfers
I don't want to lose my friends, because they are the only people that helped me when I shifted to this city. But I don't like them taking undue advantage of me either.
It's a good plan. Due to lockdown restrictions, I am unable to travel places. May be if I show up at their doors, they'll pay me back. I am gonna see if talking to them and asking for small payments works first
Yes, I do pray and it has worked in the past. Let me try to stay calm and follow your ideas. Thanks!
i feel like i cant stop crying
i feel like im losing everything
my other half works so hard and i cant help felling like im not enough that they are going to just walk away
it doesnt help that we lost our baby roo and lost twins not 5 months later
how do people move on from a lost of pregnancy
i get that it was the way it was meant to be but it hurts so bad knowing that we may lose our current pregnancy
yes and all they say is it takes time
the things i enjoyed in the past dont seem to be enjoyable anymore. i just cant stop the anxiety takes over
i pray several times a day for this baby to be healthy. but its hard to smile when i know what can happen
i see a counsler weekly but so far the anxiety wont let up
any tips for exercises to relieve the anxiety?
i have tried naming 5 things you can touch, smell and see. it helps but not a lot
hello
how are you?
Good day
i am alright, thanks
yeaa
well going by my description i believe we are supposed to talk about my previous situation
I m not sure if you saw that
Okay easy peasy. I broke up with my boyfriend because he heated on me with my friend
in details?
I had a friend i thought i could trust. i never knew both my Ex and her where sneaking behind my back
I was
at the time it angered me
But im sure i moved past it
Called it quits
Took me a long time tho to get over it
Yes all things being equal i believe that was the right thing to do. considering relationships cannot work without some form of trust
Is that an app?
Ohh i see
Yes please. that would be nice.
Thank you somuch
Oh right
I will remember that
Ofcos. It may take time but it will sure happen
Oh really? Are you somuch of an emotional wreck ?
I mean it isnt easy but we are strong humans and can pull through whatever.
You are welcome
And thank you for listening
Good to know
I am getting ready to sue my mother and am very nervous about the ordeal.
Both
My stepdad raped me and got me pregnant and I delivered a still born and i just remember the incident happened 23 years later. So now I am suing my mother.
instead of pressing charges because my sister and I dont want it in the papers
yes
she did not believe me
yes it is very difficult but im not as upset as i was i cried a lot
yes i am kinda numb to it but I have to call the police dept tomorrow for a copy of the police report from when my step dad took the baby to them and I dont want to
No nobody knows except one cousin from my biological dads side
that might help, i am just nervous about this whole thing i am estranged from my family for the most part so
yes i imagine that we will talk
i do not have many friends really
yes that is what i am worried about thank you that is really good line i can use when she asks me why
yes but what she did you really can't move past a certain point of tolorence and forgivness so i will always wish she had believed me
yes it is. but i basically do its just i feel that she doesn't love me
yes i think you are right. I think that my time is running out. i will thank you. I am going to go now.
i will tell her thank you
Not okay im really depressed and need to talk
I've been dating my partner for a while now it's been like 4 years it tonight after dinner she tells me that she no longer wants to be in a relationship after everything I've done
Yes there was an argument that started way before we even got to dinner because we're having Financial issues and it comes up a lot in our arguments
My partner believes i will not make enough money for us to live says shes tired of the same excuses
I recently lost my job and now finding new opportunities has been the hardest challenge for me now
What can I do stay positive in this situation because I'm slowly losing my insanity
No I actually have it looked into government-funded programs yet did you have any suggestions for me?
Did you have any suggestions
Would they help with food and clothing
Yes that's great I will look into that because I do need help with a lot of different services and I wasn't aware that services were still available
Yes I'm I'm very motivated continue my path of success
She refuses to help out with anything but when the paycheck comes she's ready to spend it
not so well
what about you
my love is broken up
she left me alonr
but how could I, we are in a relationship for 4 years
suddenly she left me
she is engaged to a richman
and they prepared to get married soon
i dont have any idea for what to do
I tried to forget her, but whenever i tried the memories are repeating again and again
which sometimes makes me mad
whenever i try to share my feelings with my friends, they are making fun on me
and irritates me so much
but its not easy to me tell it to my family members
I will try to think like that
is that really works
I will try my level best
thankyou
i try to do this
o think so
Hello good afternoon.
having problems with a friend
It started a couple of days ago.
we got into a fight
It was over an item he didnt return
really? what did you do?
so you think I should talk it over with my friend?
I see, I will talk to him. how should I start it off?
Ok I'll take that into consideration.
He can be aggressive at times.
that is great advice I think I'm ready to talk to him
Hey
I feel drained, honestly. I'd love to talk about my current dilemma in my friend circle.
Basically. This has happened for as long as I can remember, even back when I was a little kid. Any friend i've ever had has just used me for SOME gain. Whether that be boredom, money, or an emotional support pillow. I'm so sick of it. They'll literally ignore me for months and randomly text me for money. If i respond theyll read my messages then ignore me until they need money again. Or, they'll use me to throw alllll their problems onto me and never do the same for me. In some way shape or form- every person I become friends with uses me and throws me away when theyre done.
Sometimes I feel like it must be me. Maybe i',m annoying? This happens so often the common denominator is ME. But i'm friendly, im assertive, im out spoken, im kind. I don't LET people walk all over me but it seems like that;s all I attract.
Pretty much. it just happens every single time. It's kind of discouraging and just makes me an angry person
Some of them. The others I never even get a chance because they just ignore my existence anytime I try and reach out to talk. I've just been waiting for them to pour their problems onto me or have the nerve to ask for money. Then i'll tell them. I already know they won't respond but atleast ill say my peace
No. Whenever I do get to say my peace, i'll just cut contact completely. Lately i've been holding it in and just barely responding if at all.
I've told one of them that i have no money and she hasn't contacted me since. But if she tries again i'll say something about the issue. I don't like feeling used. Who even has the nerve to blatantly use somebody like that? It's irritating
Agreed. I just hope that one day I can meet people and form actual friendships with them
I thought I did. My husband and I made a couple friends. Theyre a couple and so are we so we go on double dates but they seem more drawn to him. Me and the other girl got very close and then boom she randomly decided she only wants to talk to me when shes mad or bored
yeah it seems that way. Most people like him more than me and it's weird because he sucks at socializing and doesn't even like them that much
It just doens't make sense but that's just the way the ca rds were dealt
That's actually a great idea! I guess i don't know myself well enough or have any distinct hobbies that would draw me to anybody in particular.
It's been great talking with you!
Thank you for listening to me today.
I am nervous about receiving another pay cut and reduced hours. I dont think I can handle it financially, the fear is real.
Yes, specially with the disastrous winter storm I underwent. Makes me nervous if our state decides to shut down to combat the pandemic. I am unsure as to what to do
I believe its more of a general sense of anxiety. I had to take a 25% pay cut with reduced hours, it was a complete lifestyle change. Not only for myself but for my children
Yes, I could not agree with you more. Specially now that I have tapped into my savings and retirement. Never in life did I think I would worry about paying my light bill.
Thank you for the kind words. I have control of some aspects. Perhaps I will apply for an additional job, just to ensure I have a steady income. Thank you for the guidance. If you dont have any other advice we can end our interchange after this reply.
Thank you, I will keep that in mind.
No, not today I feel a lot more calm and gained a better understanding of my emotions and the situation I am finding myself in.
Same to you, thank you for understanding and offering really good advice, i am guessing I had forgotten that there are things I can control
I am unsure how to end our chat
No, thank you for putting everything in perspective for me. goodbye.
Hello, i've been so sad lately.
I met the love of my life last year and after a few months, i just knew he was for me. We decided to get engaged after 7 months which didn't seem so crazy to us at 29. We decided to get married after 8 more motnhs.
My friends are mostly single and don't understand.
THat's true but they have been so distant and i don't know how to bridge the gap.
My best friends, I also left the major city that we all lived in. With COVID, i havent had a chance to meet other friends.
That's a good approach. I should try it.
I can't wait until things are nromal again so i can take my frineds out for dinner again
Facetime mostyl!
You can say anything!
That's a good idea! Maybe even something fun we can do together as an activity! I will browse amazon.
Thank you so much for all your help
hi ..my university is not conducting proper online classes
i am very scaring about my education and subjects and exams
could you please help me out from this fear
yea . i need to get A in acdemics but nobody helping me in online classes
i have to pay all my student loan if i got good score
wow , you are also facing ..yea its hard these days
is ist ..is that much good app
wow sounds good .is that free app or have to buy ?
sounds really good dear. Is that shows all academic subjects
sure will try
how about collge fees ?
my campus job lost . i fight very hard to pay all fee
wow it is a bible for us then, surely will check and write exams in it ..
oh god, i barrow some money from all friends and paid and got loan on high interest..very hard times
hope so , covid changed entire life
yea..from chicago
Hi how are you?
I am haing a difficult time with COVID-19. I want to go out but can't. And I'm an introvert.
I have zoomed with people but that is not great. Have you done anything to help?
I saw that bread trend earlier in the pandemic. How did you do?
I am thinking about going to the park...
I do not have a scenic place but have some nice trails. I do read. I am reading bob iger's new autobiography.
His book is good. Do you enjoy reading to help relax?
I love the Harry Potter book series. I picked up Sorcerer's Stone when I was 21 or 22 and it provided me with some alternative to the normal drinking and late nights I had grown accustom to. Helped me apprecate books more too!
I have heard good things about Tolkin's books but have not gotten into them yet. I do like the movies though!
I like movies. I usually like spy thrillers or at least have recently. What's yours?
I did a bunch of those at the start of the pandemic. I like the Louvre...
Hello! Anyone there?
Thank you you too
How I can feel less ashamed
My house is so disorganized I wont let anyone co e over
Every single room is disarrayed
Yes
Sorry
It started about ten years ago
I had emergency restroom call
I have moved into this house almost ten years ago
At first it was great everything was fine since it was new house but after we got settled it went down hill from that
What is sad is now I really dont care anymore
I know I left to use restroom. But are you still there
Hello
I am feeling down and scared.
The ongoing pandemic and my financial situation. I am unemployed and I don't know when I will be able to get a job.
Yes I have been applying but have not gotten any responses. I imagine a lot of people are competing for jobs.
I have not been using apps. I use websites and look for jobs there. It is making me feel like I am not qualified enough.
I have not contacted a job agency. I don't have experience with them. That is a good idea.
Yes I am going to look. It will increase my chances of finding work.
It doesn't help that I live with my parents and because I have no work I spend most of my time at home and get into arguments with them.
It would probably be good to volunteer to get out of the house. I think I will do that once the pandemic restrictions ease.
Can you think of any online volunteering opportunities? You have been very helpful so far.
Great. I will try that today. Thank you so much for your help.
I hope so. I better go get started on the suggestions you gave me.
Thanks again and have a great day.
Very good thanks
I don't now how to cope with this pandemic any more is getting out of hand
It is serious here about half of my neighbor are affected,
Not really but every day ambulance must come to pick one or two because of an emergency
I am feeling depression right now
I am really afraid here I don't know what to do
I don't like the noise of ambulance at all any time I see one I don't feel happy
Thanks your words of encouraging help me a lot
You are very correct I like you a lot
Lovely I love meeting people like you who has words of wisdom
Thanks I will continue praying for them
Thanks for everything you are too good
Goodbye
Amen! Goodbye
Good evening
I am pretty depressed and stressed out
I overspent and now feel gulity and I have no idea how I can pay my credit cards off
I just saw sale and couldn't pass it up now I am overwhelmed
sure thats why I m talking to you . so what do you recommend
No I got on sale on line . no returns
Yes I realize that but I have no job. I have minimal balance in a week of 100
I don't have a job and husband pays all the bills and subscriptions. We live paycheck to paycheck and he said this is my fault i pay
this would be fine if i had an income and had money that i could do that but I told you before I don't have a job so that doesn't help me
That sounds interesting. How do I make money
Yes thats how I m doing this survey but not sure if we are supposed to talk about it
I think you are supposed to chat to me as a stranger coming to you for help
ok go ahead
That sounds great . I will do more research. Thank you . I feel a litttle better.
my baby who died in my womb at 5th month
i crying everyday and went to depression
how to overcome this pain
yes , mine is very worst case .In winter time at midnight heavy bleeding done and lost baby
oh god , you are a such brave person
this is my first pregnancy
yes that is heard and not able to mingle
yes , our body knows what to keep or not.still our mind not agree to loose
yes ,married my childhood best friend
yea. he is so caring. when we brought new house , next month i got preganent and got full time jobs for both , we were so happy but god turned our fate
yes when i think in deep felt yea it is good to loose baby in covid but still i bared lot pain as single in bath room
except my hubby , nobody in home lot of bed in car and bathroom entire night
lot of blood *
yes , we need to do and arrange the house
yes dear , we will do like that ..you a such a brave and caring person
wow is it ..please share the name
yea dear ..sure will check and will add in that groups ..it will help for me
thank you dear for ur kind words
sure dear , will do and time will solve many issues
thank you and wish you the same
not too great at the moment
because of the covid, I am afraid of going out in public
and I get no help from my kids, they want me to stay in
yes, I do speak with family through emails and facebook, but not being there in real life makes it hard
my computer keeps giving me a hard time when I use Zoom..I have tried video conferencing on facebook messenger
I have used Facebook messenger a lot so the visual side is easy. I am able to see my new granchild...that helps
She is beautiful and new to this world. I look into her face and I think maybe she knows more than everyone says..she has got her grandpa and grandma hooked...know what I mean?
I think it would be better when all of this is over so we can see her in real time
time
my daughter knows I would do anything for her and for my grandchild...staying in should be easy...right?
because I am a wounded vet, I get craft kits from the wounded warrior site...I have learned how to sew and make jewelry..something I have never done before
if you need more info contact Help Heal Veterans online...they send kits at no charge to vet
yes I have main a couple of things but daughter says she might wait until the little one is older...you know to be safe...
I made a beaded "choker" for my daughter
yes I will keep that in mind...sorry to end this but I have a phone call to attend to..okay?
I want to thank you for your time and support..you are very courteous and respectful...may you have a great holiday and new year
terrible, i got dumped. the other day. im alone during a pandemic.
7 years
probably not. or at least i dont see that happening in the near future
they cheated on me
thats what im expecting to be. oh well, at least with the year we have all had i can just add this to the pile.
thanks, its been tough. i still have my dog at least.
she is super cuddly. this would be extremely hard without her.
i actually dont know. she's a rescue from mexico. she's a mix breed. maybe some whipit and lab. she looks like dobby from harry potter lol
haha yep. i think my dog is thrilled with having the extra bed space, as mean as that sounds
Yep, ill be getting back to my life and plans after. i have a bad heart condition so ive had to stay inside pretty much all year. also another messed up thing my ex did to me, cheated on me and then came back into the house. she could have passed it to me.
and thats when it gets worse haha
haha thats true. thats comforting thanks
totally, thanks.
hi
am good ..what about you?
a break up with my partner please read up
yes i am ahere
i and this lady dated for 2weeks
suddenly she said she doesn't love me anymore imagine that
very well
its very hard
i loved the girl with all my heart
yes i have faith in people very fast
seriously its like your seeing my mind
yeah
i heard is better to let a girl love you thank for you loving her
yes
my ACHEIVEMENT IN LIFE AND WORK
YES I ENJOY MY JOB
I am struggling with how to turn in this situation. My son is unreasonable but I am trying to help him get through school. My boyfriend finds the situation intolerable.
Yes, since he got back from NYC he is disrespectful. That is what is upsetting my boyfriend so much.
He went to school there and left school to get acting jobs. He did get his sag and equity cards. He was also working as a caterer. Everything dried up due to Covid. In June, I convinced him to get into therapy but it is slow and I see jealousy with directed at my boyfriend.
I have tried biking and hiking as well as other activities. He is openly hostile. He does not want anything to do with my boyfriend. He does not want me to go to therapy with him.
He says to he does not like my boyfriend. He does not seem to appreciate that he is an adult living in our house. He is rather moody.
Not too well I am afraid. He wants Andrew not to yell or be disrespectful. They have gotten into many arguments with each ordering the other out of the house. I work 50 to 60 hour weeks and this is stressing me. I want to make them happy. I feel there are two alpha males in the house. My son clearly needs boundries, but I want him to finish school and stay safe during covid
I can try. I am trying to help him get through school, but if the behavior does not change he will have to leave. I don't want to chose my boyfriend over my son. I would rather side with my son, however he is acting like a spoiled child.
Thank you. I did tell my parents who are in their 80's not to take him in. I feel that he needs to make decisions or at least have some kind of respect or gratitude while living here.
They agreed. He needs to get along or realize that at 25 he may need to figure out how to get his own place and support himself.
I feel really torn but he needs boundries in behavior. I hate the turmoil.
You have been very supportive. Thank you!
you too!
I do not know what to do. I feel like shit.
I got kicked out of the home I was living in.
I lived in a rented room.
No. The renter said he just wanted me out. He also charged me ninety extra dollars.
No. I did not. I asked my exboyfriend at the time for advice. He just say to pay him and move.
That is reassuring. I would like action to be taken for justice.
I have a couch to crash on. Another guy said I could store my furniture in his basement. But no official room.
Yes, I could call my mother. She has a room to stay in. But I only have the money to drive to her home, not the money for a rental truck to move all my stuff.
I could ask my aunt to use her car, she has an SUV, where as I drive a sedan.
Queen bed, bed frame, small desk, roll chair, bookshelf, rug, boxes of kitchen stuff, etc.
Yes, I feel almost numb from the depression. Like non of my stuff matters, only that I am physically safe.
Yes, I agree. Asking for help is a plan.
I am not happy at all
The fear of layoff from job
Full time, three months a go my salary was cutoff
Not really just the salary was cut into two because of pandemic now they are planning to layoff some staffs which I am scare of, not to affect me
Thanks! I am not even thinking about that at all
Yes! I will consider that,
I feel relived now because of your suggestions
You are too good, thanks
You must be guidance and counselor,
Hoo! I thank God today, I meet a right person.
Thank you for every thing,
Noting more to seek help for, you have help me a lot. Merry Christmas and Happy New Year to you too. Bye and Thanks
Thanks
Bye for now
You are good. Thanks bye
fuck Arteta , Burley still beat him today, it is seriously distasteful
hi
I cannot even eat let alone of sleeping
my club let me down
yes, on a big way , very frustrated
the club has been struggling to win a premier league match since, you need to feel happy when you watch match but is on the other way round
why is that coach still using the same pattern since? no technic work on the pitch at all. fuck him , I am down
they are happy that my club is fucking up because I always proud of the club and the coach
too disgusting
NO, I AM A BONAFIDE GUNNERS FAN
Listening to music
ok...that's a best idea
i think i need to do that right now
thanks a lot for your time
yes
bye
ok
Hi there!
My girlfriend dumped me recently. I'm so lonely. I want another girlfriend, but I'm afraid that I'll never find another one like my last . I don't want to go through the turmoil again.
Yes. And this one has been so hard on me. I've lost my appetite. I have trouble sleeping.
She said that "we are just not compatible" which sounds like BS. I think she was cheating on me, too.
Yeah, but I really liked her a lot. I think that maybe we just needed more time. She didn't know me well enough.
Thanks! I keep telling myself that, but I'm worried that the same thing will happen with the next girlfriend.
I wonder that too. Did I shut her out? Was she needing more from me?
Maybe I could be more open? I'm not sure. After this experience, I really don't trust women.
Maybe it is better to wait a bit. But I feel like I need to DO something to get better, not just wait around.
In matters of the heart? No, I don't trust my mom. In matters of the kitchen, yes.
OH! Ok. I see what you are saying. I should be careful about generalization. That's a good point. One bad experience shouldn't color my view.
True. But how do I learn to trust women without getting badly hurt again?
Hm. So, Dr. Freud, tell me about your love life.... LOL. Just kidding. I feel ya. I want to learn trust, but I don't know when the right conditions will return.
True. You make a lot of great points. I needed to get some perspective on this issue.
Thanks for chatting with me today!
Thanks again!
You too! Best of luck with your next "client." :-)
Hi, how are you?
My girlfriend dumped me for someone else! I've been really shook up.
I think she just lost interest in me? It happened a couple of months ago. I wish I could get over it. I can't get her off my mind. She's dating this total loser.
It probably was more me than her. Maybe I should have done more to show her that I cared for her. Am I not romantic enough? Some guys just aren't that way.
That's a fair point. I shouldn't be too hard on myself. I didn't really grow up in a romantic family. I don't know how to do that stuff, but maybe I could learn.
That's true. I really got hung up on her. I thought she was perfect and that we were perfect together. She didn't see it that way. I can't really change who I am, and she couldn't change who she is.
I don't know if I can change myself for her. Maybe there is something basic that she wants that I just don't have? I should probably change for future relationships.
What do you think I could do to improve myself?
Will the same problems show up in the next relationship though? It could be a long search before I find someone that matches with me?
That's true. But I feel like I should take away something from this experience.
I think all relationships require compromise and change. No two people are perfectly compatible.
I worry that I have blind spots that I should fix. My ex-GF didn't really specify what the problem was.
That's true. I might end up trying to solve a problem that really isn't there. It's not a bug, it's a feature! :-)
Thanks! Youve been really helpful today. I cant thank you enough for your encouragement and insight.
I feel a lot better now. Have a great day! Bye!
bye!
Hey, I'm doing good at the moment. How about yourself?
Haha, I wish I could say the same. New York is depressing, cloudy and cold.
I got the heater on and a sweater, working from home so it's not too bad.
Yeah it's a good benefit, especially with covid going on
Not too bad, still have limited work and all remote so wont complain. But the expenses are tough.
How about you, hope your well
Thanks good to hear, New York was doing well up until the holidays season. Now we might get another lockdown.
Mostly stay home with the family, try to save money and cut expenses this year. How about you?
No gifts giving and going make a modest size home made family dinner for thanksgiving this year. Usually we go visit family out state. We just want to get out of debt this year and save for next year.
Coivd really humbled us. But it's a good thing
Yes, thanks for the chat. Love the positive vibes!
hey!
not too bad but like i said
im going into university and my parents want to me to do architecture
when im really into engineering
money is a large factor so-
well money as in like salaries later on
tuition fees aren't an issue im in canada and all
but like architects generally make more money than mechanical engineers on average
so they don't approve my career path
yeah exactly!
but i don't like architecture very much, i don't find myself fond of art
well what's best for me is literally a good salary because i'd be lying if money isn't an issue
but am i going to be happy later on doing the job?
yeah i agree
it's much more suitable if i could mix up the details of each career paths
but frankly i don't think my parents should be concerned with engineering either
it pays well and provides good stability
but like they said architecture suits my strengths more and i can go further with it
yeah!
i went on reddit to ask students in my desired uni
and they all said that what they are doing is what you expect
architects said it's a booming business in Toronto
engineers is always in demand, but not growing
thank you i've done the research to dispute my parents' arguments you see
but like-
utimately its about how much i like it o not
*or
yeah you are absolutely right
but about the careers path
not sure if you're in canada or not, but it's much harder to switch careers in canada
you pay more and it's not like in the States where you can finish your degree whenever you want right
once you paid
yeah that is the plan
you're been extremely helpful and im grateful for that
i don't get to share these things very often
my friends are just as busy too you see
But I'll think we can stop it here
It's nice to have someone motivate me hehe thank you so much
best of luck to you too!
once again thank you!
bye!
I just can't make myself get started. There are so many dishes.
I feel like I just don't know where to start.
I guess it has been a few days now.
Ok, I suppose I can try that. But I don't quite know where to start.
Ok. That makes sense. There is a large pot. I think if I was that, maybe it would get me started.
Ok, but then what?
Oh, thank you so much! It helps my anxiety to talk through a plan. Sometimes I get so anxious, it is hard to figure out how to break a large task down to something manageable on my own.
Wow do you think so?
Have you every had anxiety like this?
I think so too. I hope I can apply this to other things.
So, it's easy to figure out with things like dishes because there is a size. How do you do it when it is a task that isn't physical like this. Like work?
I'm still sad about it.
Do you think I should contact him?
I am living abroad and was really into this guy. We dated for almost a year but both wanted to do our summer vacation with friends. When he got back, he told me he was with another girl. I broke up with him. Now I miss him.
I want to call him or text.
It was just one time, but I wonder if he'd do it again.
But I thought I'd live in this other country forever and we'd be together. Now I may have to go home.
How can I know that for sure?
I really like it here though, and with Covid, it's hard to think about traveling.
Has someone cheated on you?
It never happened to me before.
I feel betrayed.
Maybe I'll just go home for the holiday season.
I wanted to throw something at him, I was so mad. But I just made him leave.
Thank you. It was hard not to let my emotions get the best of me. I don't even know why he told me. But I guess it's good he did.
I don't know if it was good. Maybe he was just being mean.
It's nice of you to listen. Thank you for all your advice.
i hope I can travel home safely now.
And maybe come back in January.
I just hope I don't see him before I go home.
Except deep down I wish I could.
Thank you very much. You have been kind to listen.
Have a good rest of the night.
Bye bye
Hello!
I'm stressed out about my finals coming up.
That is correct
I think I'm most scared that I'm going to study a lot but not do well and then not get good grades in my classes.
Only one of them did. I have a total of 4 finals.
Yes thankfully I have. In all my classes, I have had tests before. I'm still nervous though.
no, I don't really like studying with other people. I do have some friends in the classes though.
Thank you for your kind words! I will take that into consideration.
t
Those are very good things I will do.
Thank you for your help!
have a nice day - bye!
I think you need to respond once more
I am good
Now i am better
Expect to have lot of mixed feelings.
i have very mixed feelings about the whole issues .My mixed feeling stem from the fact that those are not reflected anywhere.
I have no minded with writing things.
please help another way to reduce my depression.
yeah sure i will try to reduce my depression with your wonderful ideas . thank you so much.
Thank you
your great supporter
Nice to meet you.
have a great day bye.
Hello how are you?
I'm ok
I'm having a hard time communicating with my husband.
Every time we talk about anything we get into an argument it feels like that anyway
We never fight over anything big its always so stupid. Its always someone being rude or their tone wasnt right. But i feel put down and unheard.
We have been together 6 years.
I want to find some kind of at home work shop or things to do. It sounds stupid but its really becoming a problem and we will divorce after christmas if we cant figure it out.
yes
We always agree and nothing ever changes
You're right. I'll do that.
We have but I would be super uncomfortable. He says hes for it then changes his mind
I think I'll talk to him about it again. Thank you you have been very helpful
Hello Christina
Shay, thank you for asking
I am feeling depressed. I feel lonely and unimportant to those around me.
yes
I just want to get out of this slump. I hate that im sad all the time
i live by myself now
I talk to my mom often, but i was isolated from most of my friends for years so im trying to meet new ones.
I do have friends from my job, but i currently commute 1.5 hours for work which makes it hard. I feel that with time i may be more open to more friends, but right now i just want those that already know my back story for comfort.
So it really happened just like that
My life just got flipped-turned upside down
In West Philadelphia born and raised, on the playground is where I spent most of my days
Chilling out maxing relaxing all cool and all shooting some b-ball outside of school
when a couple of guys who were up to no good
First diagnosis was accurate so I can only trust you from here on out
You see I was just 14 when my parents built a very strange machine
it was designed to view a world unseen
When it didn't quite work, my folks just quit so I decided to take a look inside of it
there was a great big flash
everything just changed
MY MOLECULES GOT ALL REARRANGED (phantom phantom)
What would you rather we discuss?
Favorite Katy Perry song has got to be Fireworks
Just everyday sluggishness and feeling down
but they provide medication for that
last year is when I got diagnosed
been getting lit a lot
It's more like constantly feeling like there's a weight on my chest, tired but can't fall asleep, and having a terrible appetite
it helps "escape" those feelings
but if there's something bigger I am trying to escape I have no clue what it is
Life has been getting better despite it but doesn't feel like my mood improves for long
the day ends
I get back home
and I'm feeling a shot or a bowl
alcohol bad *dab* so we get lit
I talk to my gf about it but doesn't really improve anything
probably just need stronger medication
Yeah probably the best play and we got over 15min
bye
I will miss u
my sweet prince
Hi..Iam doing good..iam feeling very sad about breaking up with my girlfriend
A month ago and still iam not able to come out if sadness.
Yes i would love to hear them
yeah I will try that but Iam very embarrassed to talk about my breakup to my friends..
Yeah i will try to find some friends..do you have any other ways..
Are they beneficial in overcoming to the hardest feelings..
Is considering counselling a better option?
I didnt know counselling is very expensive.are there any low cost options?
Oh I was not aware of the options about the low cost counselling.Thank you..
Thank you for the reassurance..I appreciate it..
No thank you..you are very helpful..bye
Not so well
im very sad about my situation
my girlfriend was break up with me two days ago
yeah! we were in a relationship for three years, and suddenly she broke up with me
I taught that she was my everything hereafter.
but the fate plays a great game upon me
I have some activities to do so, but i cannot able to concentrate on what i am doing
yeah! i have few friends
But i can't tell this to them because they also become sad when they know about this
yes i am
and i don't know how to overcome from this kind of sadness
yes i have someone
who is my well wisher
but, what can i do with them in this situation
do you have any idea?
ohhh...I understand
shall i try gym workouts? is that work for me to overcome?
The Idea came up to me just now
yeah! i think so, and i don't have to tell this to anyone
yes, I need to be strong on my emotions
I feel good about the strategies i want to use
yeah, i will try to start a new life
Im so depressed
It just wont end
Now Im in quaritine again cant leave the house
I dont have anyone to tak to
Plus my work hours have been cut
I have family but they live on the west coast im on the eastcoast
So my money is now running low and rent is coming due
I like to read
I like to walk on the beach
Yes I live on the beach but its so cold right now I cant even do that. I feal so isolated
Im going to do that tomorrow
Im going to bundle up and go to the beach. Probably walk down to the pier 1 mile
Thats good advice, Im feeling a little better
I can take my iphone for music
Thats good advice, thanks I think you helped me
Thats true, it just seems like I am alone cause well I am lol
Cats are cool
I have a Russian Blue cat ssmart very smart cat
He's my buddy for sure. Makes me happy to think of him
Thats a good idea I'll look into it. Well we better wrap this hit up?
Oh sorry thought it was 15 minutes. So where are you at?
I moved from Renton to here in Myrtle Beach SC
Got real tired of the weather and people there
Everyone friendly here and actually talk to one another
Have you ever left the state
k bye
I need help
I broke up with my girlfriend
and i'm very sad and don't know what to do
can you provide any assistance?
yes, she cheated on me
i was suppose to marry her
Yes, I am going to my mothers house to talk things over.
I have to drive 3 hours away
yes, I know. family is always important during time like these
yes, i can always count on her to be there for me
my younger brother is always there for me too
i guess i'll go make myself a drink
and try to calm some nerves
yea, its hard because ive dated her for over 5 years
youve been a great help
any more advice?
thank you
I've lost my job due to COVID and I'm really worried.
I want to look for a new job, but I'm worried about being out with COVID.
I don't know where to begin.
Not particularly but I am open to it.
Where do I begin to look for new jobs?
Those sound like great ideas some of which I hadn't thought about before.
Yes, that's true. Maybe that will help me pass the time too when it is so hard to be at home. I would be working toward a long term goal.
I think that would be a good idea.
Thank you for the help. I feel a lot more comfortable thinking about the future.
I think that I'm okay now and can move forward in a positive direction. Thank you.
hello
I have real bad anxiety about the possible 2nd shut down due to the rise in Covid
so many people lost their job during the first shut down
its extremely draining
yep.. it just makes me sad, I wish we didnt have to go through this
I'm not to keen on taking a new vaccine
just like you stated, the damage is done
just because its new, it seems like its being rushed.
i wont be the first in line, thats for sure.
i will continue to wear my mask and social distance for sure.
this is a hard time for everyone.
i still have to worry, because about half of my family are on that line
nope, im scared
yes, thats what I keep telling myself.
we all need to play our part to flatten the curve. at my job, people are getting covid and its scary.. so maybe the vaccine can and will help them
thanks for the talk. i feel a little better.
I am very upset
A friend of more than 20 years hurt me deeply by judging me for not buying a gift for my nephew for his birthday.
Yes, she is very close friends with my nephew's mother as well. She is the kind of person who will go into deep debt and overdraw her bank account to buy someone a gift, I am not. I could not afford the gift, I am disabled and on a very minimal income.
I did. I took a few days to cool off and then told her that her comments hurt me. I know that she's aware of my financial situation as well as the fact that I am disabled. Her response was that she said nothing wrong.
No, she really never has. Typically, she feels like other people walk all over her and take advantage of her, but that's never been me and its never been our relationship.
Yes, quite. At times over the years she can become quite self absorbed. But she's never been so downright hurtful. I can't really see a way for our relationship to be the same anymore.
That's true. We've been through a lot together over the years. But I can't deny that what she said hurt, and our conversations are just so superficial now.
Thanks. I appreciate your help
hello
I'm good, I feel anxious whenever I think of my career
people around me seems to achieve great things and get promoted but I am still at my current position
I fell like I am late on my plan
No i have not, I don't feel comfortable sharing this with my boss or coworkers
It might, I am not sure but I don't think my boss will like the idea
You are right, I should let them know what I want too
I'm not a very direct person so I don't really like confronting
but I think i should have this talk with my boss
You're right, you make me feel better about the decision
Thank you for your support
Can you give me an idea how to start the conversation?
What I'm worried is if they reject my suggestion, it will come back and bite me as they will think negatively about me
thank you so much, I will start planning out what I need to talk about
Hi there
I'm feeling pretty anxious.
I was a bartender before covid and I lost my job and it's really difficult for me. It's causing a lot of anxiety.
Yes, that's a big part of it.
Well, I don't really want to reach out to charities, if I can help it. It would be much more beneficial for me to earn my money.
That might be a good idea.
Do you have any recommendations?
I guess we're in the same boat.
Yes, I am too.
Do you have any tricks for dealing with anxiety?
No, I haven't looked into that.
That's a good idea though.
That's great.
Thank you very much!
Sometimes but it's been worse since the pandemic started.
Yeah, I do. Until I can get a job, I don't think I'll be very comfortable.
I don't have any kids but I live with my partner so this is putting a strain on our relationship as well.
Yeah, maybe that' s part of it
Thanks! Same to you.
Hello. I am alright and yourself?
I am just a little bit upset at the situation
I thought I could trust my best friend. I really saw her as my sister. ..but I was wrong
I am not sure how to deal with this
I have spoken to her. At first she stated that she was angry at me after speaking with my partner. Then the second time she told me that it wasn't worth telling him everything and that she was sorry,
But our friendship will never be the same. I lost a best friend at the end of the day and my daughter lost her God mother
Yes I truly believe that.
I have my family .. they live about an hour away but they are very good listeners
I think the hardest thing that I am going to have to surpass is being able to trust again.
I personally do not own a vehicle of my own. It is one that belongs to my partner. I am trying to save up to get my own
I figured if I don't, I would probably have a hard time getting over it you know?
Yeah.. but how does one go about gaining back the trust of others or getting themselves to that state of mind where they are comfortable with it again?
Yes for sure. I am going to look up some apps. thank you for that
Not to be hurt again ..to be open enough to trust someone again..
I hear you
Truth. I guess I just have to keep that kind of mindset. Go into things and enjoy them but proceed with caution?
Thank you for the advice. I really appreciate it.
I feel a little brighter having spoken to someone about it.
Thank you for that tip as well
I needed to hear that
I really have hope that they will :)
I appreciate your help. Have a great day.
Thank you again
hi
feeling upset
i am sad because of my love
its gone, she left me
she is married to a rich man
she broke me down like a helpless bird
i can over come from her memories
yes i've been in a relationship with her for three years
I cound not stop remember her memories, its repeating and disturbing for all way
yes but it is not so effective towards me
yes because of the pandemic no one will provide a proper theraphy
do you know anyone
its okey, i will find by myself
im physically fit but mentally hurt by her
and thats my problem
i will try to recover from it
try to find the right way to get my way
yes it is challenging
ok bye
thankyou for your concern
thankyou so much again
Hello
I have a co worker who sleeps all the time at his desk. I physically work hard everyday
It makes me mad. No one says a word to him, he just sleeps and gets paid for it.
My boss said (I have been there for five years) to me one day did I see DE sleeping at his desk? I was floored that it seemed he never saw him do it before. How could he not?
Very weird. I am one of the oldest men there and I am always expected to jump in and do work that is manual labor. Very frustrating to see someone else just sleeping.
It really would not be my place, it would be up to my boss. He obviously said nothing.
I keep hoping that one of the upper management team will walk by one day and see him.
Definitely not being fair across the board, in my eyes.
You're probably correct. I may feel better just getting it out, even if the situation does not change.
Thank you, that helps hearing that from someone.
Seriously, over two years. True
I never have, I just looked at him like are you for real when he asked me if the guy was sleeping the one day. I had to bite my tongue not to say, yes, and he does it every day!
Well thank you for letting me get this out. I appreciate the advice and I will definitely think over talking with my boss. Have a good night!
Not the best, but I'm surviving.
hello?
I just haven't been able to find any work. I guess that is an outside dilemma, but being this behind on bills and feeling this helpless to change my situation has negatively impacted my mood.
I have already been budgeting extensively, the issue is I can't make enough to cover my basic expenses, no matter how much I cut them
I have lots of free time, just waiting for unemployment to respond to my claims, applying for jobs online, and trying services like mturk to earn what I can from home in the meantime.
I spend a good portion of my day trying to apply for everything I can and fixating on mturk tasks to make me feel like I'm accomplishing something
I get to a point in my day where it feels like I've done everything I can for that day, and then I just have to try not to get too stir crazy.
I've been trying to look ahead, but this year has already set me back so much from my intended career path that it's frustrating. I just want my life back.
That is good advice. I have been doing a lot more art during this time.
Some days it's tempting to just do nothing and wait for it all to be over, but I feel better when I accomplish something for the day
I wish someone was interested in buying my art! That would be a huge confidence boost
yes, I miss being able to actually relax. When you are financially behind it feels like everything is just making it worse.
thank you for chatting with me and helping me earn the bonus for this task!
Hello! I am doing ok today. Just getting through the day I suppose.
Just an average day if I had to describe it. Nothing particularly unusual or bad. Worked for about 8 hours and now no plans for the night
Exactly. I find that when the night starts seeping in the loneliness comes up especially with no concrete plans or things to keep busy
And for me it's the build up to bed time. Those hours to fill with either dinner, watching tv, reading or whatever. Plenty of time let me mind wander and think the worst.
From time to time yes. I have a dog so that's nice company
Even then I sometimes turn to drinking to clear my mind
Yes! Something to make me feel needed and companionship knowing he's depending on me
I do. I've been better about reaching out to people and joining a few online groups. It has helped for sure but I still find myself with the feelings from time to time
That's cute. Fish are less work than dogs but still a way to feel needed with food and water changes
That's good to hear. Sometimes I think I'm not doing enough to get help but each meeting or talk with friends is a step in the right direction
Thanks. Good to hear that even from a stranger. It feels like a bother to burden others with my "problems" even though they are supportive
Even this was helpful. I was leaning towards pouring that first drink of the night soon, but just a quick chat like this has helped me reframe and stay strong for tonight at least
Well, thank you so much. This was a nice chat that definitely helped me. Hope you have a good rest of your night
I'm so worried about my child who has so much homework and despite studying all night still is struggling.
I'm a bit worried today and nervous.
It's actual a hybrid which is challenging. 2 days in school and 3 days at home.
She has about 9 teachers and it's only 6th grade.
I want to push her to keep working, but also want to give her a break from all the work. There is so much homework for a little child.
I'm thinking about tutoring possibly but being home and going to school it is so overwhelming already and to add tutoring to the list is another question for me.
Yes, we've had some months worth of snacks! Good thing for Burger King!
That is a good idea. I wonder if they have one for vocabulary as that is the test tomorrow! She says she loves them.
I'll have to look!
I have to do some research though and doing this x 3 kids is draining on top of work
Thanks so much for all your help! I'm feeling somewhat better and encouraged!
Have a good day!
Actually I have one more question
Do you think I should feel guilty for making her study?
Great advice. Thanks again. Take care!
Hello
I've been better.
I'm overly anxious and feeling depressed about work.
I just feel like im not getting the support I need.
I'm relatively new at my job, so I go to the more senior staff for advice, but I seldom ever get help.
I have a couple of coworkers that have been helpful, but we don't always work together. And their help isn't always the best, or the type of support I am looking for.
Yeah, it has been very difficult. Do you have any reccomendations? Or what would you do in the situation?
I generally do do that. Sometimes I get the help I need, others not so much. So i feel like im second guessing myself a lot, which puts me under a lot of stress.
I think thats a good idea. I am concerned it may not work out. What would i do then?
Decision making and the little details are where I am struggling. I've had adequate training, but i still feel as though I lack the expertise needed to do my job well. Someimtes I get the support I need, and other times i don't. I'm wondering what i should do in times where I am not getting the support I need if its not available.
Yeah, you're right. I think it will just take time for me to get comfortable and gain confidence in my abilities.
That is a great suggestion
Yeah, youre right. It can just be tough at times. But i understand it will take time. Thank you for the advice. It really helped.
I do, thank you again for your help
I am, thank you very much
thanks again!
I'm fine and how are you ?
Yes I am problems with sleeping.
*having
Yes very much so
Yes I understand
Yes
I just don't know what to do anymore it's even affecting my work b/c I dont get any sleep
Yes and I have tried many
I never thought of that I will definitely give it a try
Thank you for all of your help , this is greatly appreciated.
I never thought of using the herbs I will give this a try soon
Hello are you still there?
Oh that is great I drink coffee an hour before bed on some days
I didn't know that
thanks for the info
I am having such a hard time because Mom does not deserve this. I wanted her to grow old in love and happy. Now, it's over. I am just so very sad for her.hello
hi
Ty. Death is so hard.
How would you deal?
My husband is here. He is very afraid of the virus because of his COPD. He i afraid to talk about the virus.
I just moved to this town where there are not so many people because of thi.
I have not really met anyone like a friend but I do Zoom daily with family at home.
I do pray alot.
I workout to relieve the stress.
I am also in the healthcare field but work at home.
I am one of the fortunate office workers who can do this.
I'm so glad there is a vaccine now
It just sucked her husband passed when there is a vaccine now. Must be heart wrenching for her. I feel like I want to call her now.
I think a pet would help her so I got her one for Christmas. She loves dogs and her passed away 6 months ago. I know she loved her girl so I hope this new puppy will bring her out of the fog she is in.
Thank you for your support and listening ear!
Much love to you and stay safe! You were great!;) Have an awesome day!
Hi there, how are things?
Yes trying to get over the passing of my aunt a week ago.
Thanks, it is actually a week today. My mother has taken it particularly hard, they were best friends
Thanks. I really have not had much time to grieve myself since she is my first priority.
Do you have any suggestions what I might try to cheer her up? After that I can worry about myself
That might be ok. I know she likes Neil Diamond. Maybe get some of that playing while she meditates.
Now what should I do for myself after she is better?
I thought about trying some daily exercise like just walking around the block a couple times with my dog.
I thought about redecorating her house a little bit, they lived together for a long time maybe a change of scenery would do some good
Ok, well thanks for your help
I think when I start eating a little better things will improve too.
Ok good idea, Thanks
Good afternoon
I lost my job 1 month ago and I can't find a new one, I have fear and anxiety that soon I will have nothing to pay with for my rent. Would you be able to suggest me how to cope with my fear?
It's just I feel fear all the time, and now with this pandemic it's really hard to find a job. I have a feelings now that if I fail I have to go back to my country as a loser.
It some sort of way, I lost my job because of it and my girlfriend is not talking to me as well now...
Ah could be, what could you suggest me to do?
I can try, but I don't see how it will help me to find a job. I barely can sleep at nights
Do you think interviewers see that I have a fear and anxiety and that's why I don't get a job?
Oh ok I will try yoga then. If it will not help me what else I can try?
Can I have any medications to intake to easy fear?
yeah I will, Thank you so much for today I feel better now.
Hello
I was looking for some assistance. I lost my job 4 month ago
Well first few month was kind off alright, Was looking for a job in different places without success. And now I am really depressed and I feel so useless.
Nice that you understand me, I was trying job websites alongside with jobcenter in town centre. I have jobseeker allowance but it will not cover the rent
I am renting just a room at the moment, Before I had a girlfriend so we had to split the bill. After she left I had to take all responsibility just on myself to pay bills. I have few friends but don't think they could lend me a lot of money anyway
Oh AirBnB might be a solution actually. I will speak to my cousin if I could stay couple of nights at his place.
I was working in IKEA warehouse before I got redundant
I even haven't heard about those. I am really useless sometimes... What kind of jobs I can find there do you know?
I Will definitely try that. You are really helpful. Have you been doing any jobs through those websites?
That's cool, I feel now a lot better. Maybe I will be able to find even a girlfriend somewhere on those jobs. I feel lonely after my girlfriend left me
Thank you very much for you help. I learned something new today and feel much better
Have a lovely afternoon!
Hello. I am dissapointed in the teachers that I always get. They seem to make my courses so much harder.
I think I just get incredibly unlucky at times.
Exactly. I compare myself to my friends and, for example, they get barely any homework.
It almost seems unfair.
Yeah. But I swear, every single one of my teachers just seems so imcompetent at times.
Those are the worst teachers. I wish teachers like those would get fired.
I just want to have a chill time like most teenagers
That's the thing. I never get to pick my classes. And they always give me crap recommendations.
I Think I need to drop by the office
I am absolutely certain that I am capable of succeeding at school without over stressing. Hopefuly this will fix the issue.
Maybe. If I have time on thursday or friday, I think I will go.
I agree...
Thank you. I will try my best.
Hi there. I'm OK but have had a difficult time at work recently
Yes I have been given what I can only describe as ridiculous feedback by my manager and it had annoyed me greatly. I'm thinking about complaining about it.
I could do but this seems to be something that she has an issue with and I wouldn't want it to damage our working relationship. She basically said she doesn't like the way I sit in meetings and smile when I'm thinking about something?
I'm thinking perhaps I should go to a different manager and voice these concerns. I don't see how I sit in meetings or how I smile when I'm thinking to be constructive work based feedback it's really frustrating it's clear this person just doesn't like me
yeah that's true I mean I'm almost thinking this manager needs to be retrained because this video isn't work related is really quite petty an actually makes me consider not working for her in future. The only problem is I need my job I need a steady income but this person just seems to have it out for me.
perhaps I'm just making too much of a big deal about this. how would you react if someone gave you similar feedback in work?
I haven't actually thought about that as a solution but that might work actually. I think maybe I'm overthinking this but I've taken it very personally.
I think that's an interesting perspective. she might have issues herself and be taking them out on members of her team in work which is quite sad really. Do you think I should just be blunt and ask her the question?
so be supportive but also make it clear that what she has said has had an impact on me?
ok great I'll definitely try that and try and put this advice into practice
yeah maybe I should stop being too serious, I'm trying to see the funny side of it. Thanks again!
hello
I am doing ok. I am feeling very sad .
How are you?
I am going through a terrible divorce from an abusive narcissitic ex,
But we have two young kids.
I haven't seen them in months because he lied to CPS and told them I abuse my kids.
I just feel very alone. I am afraid my children will forget me.
ex-husband
yes
Yes very much so
Do you have any advice?
Oh my goodness
My ex is out to destroy me emotionally
Yes, the court right now. They are moving so slow with Covid.
I'm just worried my kids will forget me. or not love me anymore.
Not at this time. The court is in favor of their father. This situation is a little stickier. In July, I sent recordings of him being abusive to me, to my mother
I told him I wanted a divorce and I didn't love him anymore.
Next thing I know, I'm being arrested for "hitting" him, which never happened
so I am trying to beat this criminal charge
That is a great idea
I should try that.
I know that I am stronger for going through this situation.
Thank you for your support!
Me as well. I was debating it for a while
have a good evening
good night
Hi I'm having trouble sleeping, have a lot on my mind...sometimes I wake up in the middle of the night and can't get back to sleep
not for this
hmm yes maybe i should make an appointment....any idea what else I could try? what works for your insommnia?
hmm i can't take those, am on other medications
it's weird because i fall asleep okay but then in the middle of the night i wake up worried, lol, most inconvenient. I haven't tried that....hmmm maybe an after supper walk would help
yes, am dealing with cancer and another family member had to go for some serious tests so I get anxious about that
i think you're right I should put in a call to my doctor and get an appointment
no actually i have not, perhaps i should
hmm yes you may well be right there, I hadn't htought of that
I have a nurse at the cancer center I can call, she can perhaps advise me
hmm....i think so now that I think about it, yes
i have too much living to do have to beat this cancer!! And getting a good night's sleep is important for my recovery
ok so a walk in the evening and call my cancer nurse and make a appointment wtih my doctore, you've given me a plan of action
yes I do nap, thankfully i live alone so it's nice and quiet :)
thank yo9u so much for all your help today
have you tried meditation? i was thinking of trying it
am not much of a movie person but maybe some meditation before bed would help.
how long has she been meditating?
oh cool....yes my sister meditates and has been encouraging me to try
well thank you again :) hope you have a good eve
Hi Sharon. Am good just concerned about my son.
I suspect my son is in bad company. His most recent behaviour is so different from what I am used to
My son is 15. Recently he's keeping to himself and mostly stays locked in his room. He barely allows anyone in.
He says he's studying online. But I suspect he's doing other stuff online apart from study
Not really. He just has this one particular friend who comes over sometimes and they lock themselves in the room.
I am so scared I don't want to confront him I have always tried to show him how much I trust him as away to make him feel responsible enough
Yes. He is my only child and I am single parent
Never thought of it that way. That could be a possibility. But he always seems happy and we chat a lot onlythat he his behind closed doors in his room for a long time everyday.
Am also concerned about the friend who comes over. I don't really know his family or home just that he's from the neighborhood and they go to the same school.
I find reassurance from your words. Its been tough for me this far we have come with my son and I want us to be close even as he growing up to become a young man. I have a good relationship with their teacher and will definitely give her a friendly call to know more from her.
Good to know that from an experienced parent. I will try communicate my worries and my intensions to him. I hope he will understand and not pull away.
Thank you for your time and experienced advise.
The pleasure was all mine. Bye.
I feel like shit and I don't know how I can move on.
I can't help but feel there must be something wrong with me, or if I did something wrong.
Like I had all these plans and they just came crashing down, and now I have to start all over again.
Well yeah, I just broke up with my partner after finding out they cheated on me.
I feel like I'm too old to start over again. There must be something wrong with me after all.
How so?
I don't know, it doesn't feel like anything's getting better soon. I've been busy with work so I haven't been spending as much time with my partner.
Maybe it is my fault, maybe I didn't communicate enough.
No, I don't think I'd want to get back with someone who cheated on me.
I guess I just need some time to think things through.
Here's to hoping things get better. Thanks for listening anyways.
i am not doing well at all im at a lost for words i just cant pull myself out of this funk
its everything im just down depressed cant find a job
i have no money mturks helps a little but im just tired of it all some jobs wont work around my schedule esp bc the kids are virtual and i can only work certain hrs
i cant wait until this is all over the world is crazy right now cant believe what this world is goin through
ill take anything just not a low paying job because i have to spend money on transportation sooo for ex i got a job but they offered 8 an hr so uber back n forth n working part time its pointless to accept bc ill b paying just to get back n forth
i was a laundry attendant so our hotel shut down in march
and who ever came on board last was let go and i was the 3rd laundry attendant so i found out in aug that they let me go bc there was really no work and was no point of keepin me on payroll to come back
hotels workers are mainly daytime i cant do daytime mon through fri bc im home with the kids so going back to a hotel is out
i have an interview for a rehab facility for the elderly and they hiring for night laundry so hopefully ill get it
i have no experience with front desk and many hotels are picky about that
yea if the laundry is right behind the desk thats like extended stay hotels and they work from 11pm - 7a cant leave kids alone
no never thought of that
and some companies are real strict about who they hired i already got declined by 4 companies and one was tmobile other was comcast and i have call center experience so idk what it is that they are looking for exactly
ok cool thanks for that ill check into it
oh i will ill take anything right now i had to get some angel tree donations for the kids this year but my daughter she doesnt qualify bc of her age so i still gotta find a way to get something for her
great ill definitely check it out
after everybody declining me i just gave up on that
we either can sign up for angel tree or toys for tots and i did the angel tree program and my daughter is 15 they dont supply stuff for her age n neither does toys for tots
thanks and i wont my kids is what keeping me going
and i will i have some to call tomorrow for some help i was researching all day bc ill take all the help i can i have never been this down before its just strange asking for things
no problem and thanks for everything and thanks for listening
definitely will
well thank you mr grandpa lol
n i will i have it on another tab as soon as im done here im going there to check it out
my daughter definitely nds a job shes getting expensive
gn
n merry early christmas
thank you gn
Hello
I just don't feel enthused about anything lately.
Just kind of "blah."
I don't know that I have exactly lost interest. I still do them, but somehow it feels like I'm just going through the motions.
Not really. I guess that I'm just kind of stuck in a rut.
Yes, I would be, but I'm not sure that it actually needs to be a new hobby. I just need to have some sort of project that I'm working on.
No! I've got a jigsaw puzzle that I could start, and I also have a list of "21 books that you've been meaning to read."
If I start working through the 21 books, that should keep me going for quite a while (even if I'm not interested in all of them)!
I agree.
Thanks for chatting.
It was helpful for me to have a chance to put my feelings into words. It just seems like I haven't had the opportunity to do that recently.
I believe that we've successfully completed the task, and I need to go cook dinner. Goodbyt.
hello, I need some help
I'm just really nervous about my fnial
final
I have to get a really high grade, a 95, in order. to pass the class
I'm trying hard, but I just feel so much pressure
I work 2 jobs to pay for school, and failing. is not an option
What do you suggest I do? I've been studying all night
yes it is!
Should I keep studying or try and get some rest?
my test is tomorrow! I'm not working right now, I'm studying
how do I take some pressure off myself?
that's a good idea!
True. Do you have any study tips?
what if I fail? I will be miserrable
those are good suggestions!
Thank you!
this made me feel less stressed
have a good night!
I'm going to get some rest
Hi
I'm honestly having a rough time
Sure. I just lost my job and school is out so I feel like I have lost purpose
I was a manager of a retail store that closed.
That is true, I am just not sure if that is what I want to do anymore
That is a good point.
That's true. I know the experience will help me but I still miss it
That is also true. I guess I just need to decide what I want to do now. That is probably the most difficult part.
That is really nice to say. I guess I am also just scared to go for something and have it not be as fulfilling as I thought
Yeah. It is a big decision, though. Thanks for talking it out with me
Sounds like a great plan. Thanks again!
Bye
please am not able to get sleep like 6 months now please help me
i think sometimes i am thinking too much will that be the problem since i also avoid to think when am on my bed
in fact i do get tired like yesterday i did a lot of work going to bed i just slept like 1 hour only
like?
yes i do
thanks but the problem is that the person stays next t me and we work together i do see the person like everyday
yes i did but am unable to forget one
okay thank you so much.
also is there anything i can do to sleep more
what else can i do
okay
like opposite sex or
okay thanks am going to try since am suffering a lot
can we really get into a relationship for me to sleep with or what do you see because i lost interest
okay thanks a lot am gonna try. i appreciate your concern
bye
hello
am somewhat fine
so my almost supposedly wife ran out on me on our wedding
so now am back in our apartment reminiscing all the times we had. that's my question too, I don't know why she left
Maybe she had been cheating and ran to her man but why wait till the wedding day
if she had a problem she could tell me before that
i don't know what to do, should i call her or just wait till she is ready to explain
should i move places because this place has too many memories, should i burn her things or send them to her family
well she hasnt bothered to look for me so far and its been a week
and she couldn't say no when i proposed or any day before the wedding
easier said but i guess so. i just want this year to end now.
i know, what a year. i just thought this will make this year atleast better after everything
exactly
Everyone is worn out. plus i wouldn't want to add to their worries especially family
you are probably right. Thanks this was actually helpful
i pray so too
you have a lovely afternoon
hello
I would just like someone to talk to, very reserved because of covid
yes very lonely and no one to talk to, world is so scary
i try very hard but I don't know how much longer i can take it
i like to watch soccer and basketball
I will keep trying to make people proud
yes I will watch highlights and goals on YouTube very nice
yes thank u
yes I love God and Jesus
Yes I always pray he makes everything better
I hope you have a very Merry Christmas may God bless u and your family
I'm, okay, thanks, and you? I'm feeling a bit down because I'm alone for the holidays.
Yes, my family is scattered all over the country, like Seattle, Georgia, PA. I'm sure I'm not the only one with no plans this weekend, though.
No. My nearby friends all went away for the holidays. I could probably just occupy my time with things I need or want to do in order to distract myself.
I'm teaching myself the piano. I'm also teaching myself how to work a stenography machine for possible future employment as a stenographer. I also like to read novels.
Yeah, it's pretty cool. For example, if I hit DRAT in one stroke, then "Did there come a time" will appear in English on my machine's LCD screen.
Each stenographer has their own "Personal Dictionary" which is a list of words in English along with how you in particular write out those words or phrases in steno. This dictionary is present within the actual steno machine after you transfer it from your laptop to the machine via cable or wifi. Thus your machine then knows how you write out words in particular and how to translate those words from steno to English - each stenographer writes a little differently.
Yes, exactly! And it's very important to back up your personal dictionary to the cloud or a seperate drive so that you don't lose it in a hard-drive crash. A lot of work goes into creating that dictionary! No, it's happened before, being along for the holidays; but you've helped to cheer me up, so thanks!
You have, thanks! Did you do anything special?
I will do that - you too. Thanks, again...
You too... bye now...
Hi!
I am so very angry and disgusted with my life
My husband keeps calling me names degrading me not respecting me. I am so angry because he does this in front of our kids
He doesnt do it all the time but its enough to make me feel inferior and angry every time I think about it
Yes we should but tell that to him. If I stand up for myself he ll go into OH Here we go lets play the victim role Poor you only he says my name
and tell boys what a worthless mom I am and white trash
Usually I keep quiet but if I say something it will be what i do for family and how he doesn't help me or respect me
Not with Covid going on no. I havent seen my mom since march
I have no siblings and a few friends
boys are cyberschooling he works remote so no that is not possible
This happened before Covid. Covid just made it worst
because he went to work boys went to school and I had me time for a few hours before I picked youngest up kindergarted
well I got get going . boys need me to help withhomework.
Great idea . I think I will . Keep safe
Has this worked for any other people you supported ? talk to you later
thanks. Im trying to end conversation. Ill try one more time
Hi.
You there buddy?
I would appreciate your help if you're there.
No, not really. How about you?
Due to this pandemic, I am fearful for my job and financial situation.
Yea, this is causing me a lot of stress. My firm has cut 10% already. I feel like I might be next.
Ok. Thanks for the helpful tips. The lock down in my city is also causing my stress. Is there a lock down where you live?
I would so say. I live in Oregon, so there are many parks.
Good to know. When do you think things will go back to normal?
Just the pandemic, work and financial situation.
I was thinking about getting a dog, is that a good or bad idea during this pandemic?
What's your thoughts on the economy going forward?
Thanks. I was thinking the same.
Thanks again for everything.
Hi. How are you?
Ive been better. Feeling somewhat down.
Ive been stressed out lately. I recently lost my job.
The uncertainty I guess. Especially during these times, Im not sure how soon I will be able to find a job.
Ive been trying to keep busy. Exercising, reading and spending time with family.
Ive been looking for employment also.
Not yet. Im just going to collect unemployment and clear my head for awhile.
Im rethinking my career.
Im thinking of starting my own business, but anxious about not having a steady income at this point.
Any suggestions?
Thats not a bad idea. Right my unemployment check is enough, but who knows how long that will last.
What do you think?
I think I will do some research and see what careers will fit me best.
Do you have any suggestions?
I feel horrible to be honest. I can't get anything done.
I guess... But I doubt this will be of any help. I am just here because my mother pressured me.
I really never find why telling my problems to a stranger can result helpful
Everything has been going wrong. I have no friends, 0 luck with dating. School sucks. I fail my classes. I can't find a job.
Do you mean like joining a club at school or something?
I hate exercising. I like reading manga every now and then. I guess I am just a depressed weeb. I'm so useless....
The thing is I would be in a much better place in life right now if I were capable of it.
I am just not fit for society.
Yeah, I probably can
Medication? Am I some kind of crazy psycho now? No, not at all
Prozac? Could you tell me more about it...?
Is that some kind of hormone that makes me feel down?
Thank you. You too...
Hello.
I am sad since my friends are going out tonight without me.
They are going to the bar. No they didn't invite me. I am not sure why.
Not that I can think of. We haven't talked much this week since school took up all of my time. Papers due and all that jazz.
Not bad. It is a touch harder than I thought but I am passing and that is all that matters. Thank you for asking.
We'll grab a coffee in the middle of the day if our schedules line up. Happens once or twice a week.
Yeah that's a good idea. Open up some line of communication to see what is happening.
Loosen them if they don't burn them by accident first! lol
True. I do tend to jump to conclusions. Probably was some kind of misunderstanding. I will reach out to them on Sunday when I wish them a happy Easter to see if we can set up something during the week next week.
I am having Easter with the family so I can't do that but good idea otherwise.
Thank you for your help. You did a great job. You are good at this!
Yes it is good Friday. Thank you again and Happy Easter!
I'm not so well.
I'm really anxious over a breakup.
I'm not sure where to go or what to do?
I don't know how to be alone.
Where can I go for support?
That sounds like something I could try.
My sister has been through a similar situation and perhaps could help.
That is a good idea.
That is so true. Thanks so much. I'm going to get some help and am feeling better about things.
Have a great night. Thanks again.
I feel so much calmer now after chatting with you.
Hi, how are you? I am dealing with a lot right now!
My job is driving me nuts! I can't handle it anymore.
The pressure has been building and building. They keep giving me more responsibility, but no more help! The pandemic has really made my job a lot harder.
I want to quit the job and get away from the pressure. I'm worried about my mental health and also about the risk of COVID.
I think that's the problem! I'm TOO competent.
I think the company wouldn't give me so much work if I were worse at my job. The reward for doing a good job is more work!
I know, I know! But the anxiety is killing me! Every day at work is worse than the last!
I don't want to quit. How do I find a balance? How do I manage my anxiety?
I don't think the company wants to give me a promotion because that would cost them more money. Maybe another company would pay me better.
I have never tried meditation. That's a good idea. Maybe some other people at the company would like to try it too.
That's true. Meditation is a good way to get in contact with my emotions. It might help me not feel so isolated.
Yeah. I *can* get through this, if I reach out to others at the company. Maybe not the managers, but the other employees certainly know what I'm going through.
I feel the anxiety getting better. I know that others have tried meditation to deal with stress and anxiety. It's a good suggestion. Thanks!
I'm actually looking forward to work tomorrow! I bet that my co-workers will welcome the suggestion of meditation.
Will do! Have a good day.
I am dong good. How are you?
Merry Chirstmas.
I lost my job and very distressed about it.
Yes..
Not yet. Not sure where to start.
I do, but not up to date.
Please tell me more about linkedin, how it could help?
What should I look for in linkedin?
First I need to update my resume.
Thanks for your suggestion.
That's all.. thanks.
Although I get the suggestion from you, seems like I need to wait another 4 mins to close the chat. Please bear with me.
Hey, I've been having a really rough day.
My mom and I got into an argument
She got pretty upset when I took off my shower head without telling her. Somehow, we ended up arguing about how I don't respect her.
Maybe. I don't particularly like her and that she maybe picks up on that. But I feel like that's the underlying issue and the shower head argument is just a coverup for her real feelings.
It's really upsetting. We have "peaceful" moments before we're arguing again
Yes
I guess it's less peace and more like silence
I've written some of our arguments down before, but it's too painful to look at now.
I used to talk to friends about it, but idk, it all feels empty now.
I get that. It's hard to look at them. I'm not sure what to do to cope. Lately, my coping skills haven't been all to healthy
I have a psychiatrist and I'm trying to figure out how to pay for a therapy currently. I know some offer sliding scale options
Yeah, I'm in the U.S. I used to go on walks and exercise at night. It really helps me sleep.
Maybe I can start doing that again
I always fall out of it! Any advice for making a steady habit out of it?
That sounds great! I've been wanting a workout partner, I think a friend of mines wants one too...
How'd you find one?
And yeah, we do need to talk, I just feel conflicted because I ask if it would help anything or should I just move out and move on?
That sounds nice. My friend just likes being in shape ig, so it works out. We both have kinda hectic, unsupportive families.
Yeah, that's a good point. It takes time, but I'm trying to learn to when to give more effort and when to pull away.
Me too. Thanks for talking to me.
Thank you so much. I hope we both can continue to work on being happy and healthy
doing well, but it could have been better, how are you doing ?
yes, I'm currently under pressure to retake a work certification program that is about to expire. I'm not quite ready and I'm about losing my mind as time is fast approaching.
exactly and I'm afraid of losing my license if I don't, I feel like I'm in a bind
My biggest fear is that they are bringing in a newer version of the exam which will require a lengthy time that I don't have to prepare, I will be better off taking the current version, I feel overwhelmed
No I'm not. It's tough for me right now
Thanks for the understanding, the tuition is on me.
My only option now will be to take time off from work and see if I can get myself ready in the little time I have
Yes, it helps I'm just hoping the company I work for will understand and give me the time off
yes, I have helped them a couple of times when they are hard pressed on something and needed my help. I'm hoping they reciprocate and bail me out as that's my only hope.
Thanks for listening to me and offering the support, it helped me think it through
thank you , it's been nice chatting with you .
Hello.
I'm alright, just feeling a bit depressed.
Thanksgiving is this week and I will be spending it alone.
Yes, and no because of COVID I haven't been able to see my family.
Yes very. My family lives in another state.
Yes, but it's not the same.
It's made me feel very depressed and I am only feeling worse as the holiday grows closer.
Yes I could do that. I was thinking about ordering a Thanksgiving Platter for 2 people so I could have some leftovers from a restaurant that I really like in my town.
They do holiday specials.
And AMC always shows great holiday movies so I will watch a bunch.
Yes I do hope so.
I understand the situation is dire and people are sick, but everyone is suffering, even emotionally.
Yes it's sad.
Yes of course. Mashed potatoes and gravy and the movie Four Christmases is hysterical.
Haha thanks. Well thank you for chatting with me, I feel better.
Thank you. I'm trying. I really miss my parents.
so sorry i had stepped away
i heard the bell ticking and kept wondering what had happened and what it was
this is how my mind is won- dering so much now
i just need to hear the voice of someone now as i am into myself so much
bad time to be alone as the miind keeps wanting theings for me that i had left alone
so much stress here with deaths in family, aloneness and bills
yes not to mention the pandemic
i forget to wear my mask from home mostly mine is gone
and swind up hving to buy one somewhere out there or come back home
with my rthritis it hurts me so much to wal and walking back home to go bck gain is out of the question, i used to walk for miles and miles and work all day so depressing s ometimes
know there are agencies , i have een worked at a few senior commmunities and day centers , .
i g to counseling now, but with our pndemic the groups are not meeting anymore
yes i g to the doctor too
A lot of pepple say they are and then they are home with their families and everything
i just was listening to the tv and it made me feel like why are they so uncomfortable to be home with their families
and let it pass
no not really, my friend (boy) had asked me if i wanted to go visit my daughter in Delware and i said no bcquse of the pandemic
she came here with her family this past th of July
this is part of the reason but not ll
i have two daughters and they each have a son i have familly here too but we are estranged from each now moe than ever since the sister that as after me died, they looked up to her more since i had left to live with my father when our mother died. my life is a story of broken lives from the time i was born
so being alone is nothing new to me. it is in my bones this lonliness i have
i have financial problems now since i have been sending money to Africa to my new love
unpaid bills and credit all messed up, i was trying to be a responsible grandmother to my grandsons and daughters but he has gotten their money and now it is Christmas
h says he is coming to marry me wihich will be another problems and nothing else will dominate his mind
with all of thois flower tak i am not sure i have not been scammed
there is alsays a sad story which hads also made me so depressed and then they have such terrible things happening to them over there
i hank you for lending a listening ear and will continue to pray to God to help me until it gets better. thank you
i will see someone on the 30th.
i pray, Merry Christmas to you and God bless you. thank you.
Hello, I have been feeling very overwhelmed with school.
I do like to read, but I haven't had enough time. I have been going on walks more frequently.
No, I did not consider that actually. I do enjoy my alone time since I am so busy and I have a toddler, but maybe doing something more sociable would be good.
I think so too. I never thought of it like that.
Yes I constantly think of my son and family, and I didn't think involving myself in sociable activities would be beneficial.
I figured I really needed some alone time. I didn't realize I could be experiencing loneliness.
Yes, we like to go swimming at the YMCA together.
Yes, and swimming is great exercise.
And if we do that more we can spend more time together.
I have been looking into putting him in soccer.
He can start at 3 years old.
I think so too. You gave me a lot to think about today that I didn't consider before.
Yes, and both of those are major goals of mine. But the stress sometimes feels inevitable.
The physical activity for sure.
I do so much writing with my Master's program. Sometimes I feel like my hand will fall off.
Yes, I am a pretty active and fit person.
Yes, I do try to go to the gym 3 times per week at least.
I agree. I will definitely start to engage in more activities with peers and more swimming with my family. Thank you for your advice!
Hello there, i am having a hard time because my boyfriend and I just broke up
I think I was feeling overwhelmed by his political views and with the election and everything it became much more obvious that we weren't right for each other. But Im nervous with the holidays coming up that I will be sad to be alone
It is!! we were together for 5 years, so this is uncharted territory for me
That is true, and that was why I broke it off. He supported Trump, which I knew 4 years ago during the election, but this year it was overwhelming.
I will be with family thankfully, we have a small family so COVID isn't something I have to worry about.
Overall, I know im going to be ok, but it feels so fresh and like it hurts still.
Thank you for vaildating my decision.
Yes, that is my plan. Focus on me and finding out what it is that I truly want in life.
He's helped me understand what I don't want.
Have you ever gone through something like this?
That can be just as hurtful! I heard something helpful once that if someone is into you youll know it and if you dont know it, then you dont want to be with them anyways.
Or that you shouldn't be with them
Thank you for all your help!
hi I'm hoping you can help me get through this difficult time.
my boyfriend broke up with me and I've been upset. We live in different parts of the country and have been separated because of the coronavirus crisis.
that is correct. Do you have any advice or suggestions about how I can get through the ending of our relationship?
I appreciate your support and encouragement.
Have you ever gone through a break up?
yes. I don't want to slip into a depressive state. I'm hoping for positive methods of moving past this.
thanks for listening and offering input.
I think you're right. Talking about it with people who are close would be beneficial. Maybe I can read a few books, as well.
haha. You're right. Healthy distractions would be good for me.
that's good to know! I feel less alone. I guess it will take some time, but I feel better for having spoken to you about this. Thanks again for your support.
We were together for almost 4 years.
hi, can you help me?
Well, school has just been getting so stressful, I don't have the motivation to keep up in class
yeah
Kind of, but the schedule is a bit weird, like every other day I only have an afternoon class and on the others I have both morning and afternoon, and if a teacher has a meeting then no class. Now that I'm saying it I guess it is a bit irregular.
Yeah, my sleeping schedule is also very irregular due to this. At most I get 5 hours on a good day
I'm not really good with stuff like that, every time I try and make a schedule for myself I end up disregarding it because there' s just no point
Also I think i should mention that I do online school through google meet
I mean that its not like anyone is holding me to the schedule anyways, and I feel like I should spend my time doing something I like instead, you know?
yeah, thats right
Yeah, I know its important and I always end up finishing it, it just seems like there is not enough time and the feeling drags me down. I don't have long until I graduate, but I cant find the motivation. Instead of learning in class, I end up teaching myself the content two hours before an assignment is due.
I schedule free time for myself during classes, after classes and throughout the day, its never been like a reward though
true, how do i stop myself from turning it into all free time though?
okay, that sounds good
yeah, thanks for the help
Hi, I'm ok
Sure. I took a nude photo of myself to share with someone I'm dating, and accidentally sent it to several friends in a group chat
I'm really embarrassed about it and I have some anxiety about meeting or talking to my friends
Do you think it would be helpful to use humor? I don't want them to tease me about it but I don't know how else to approach it
Lol maybe some of my friends will share with the group too
that would definitely make me feel better about it
yes, for sure
anyway, thanks for the chat. this was helpful
do you think we have made enough conversation for the full bonus?
ah ok, well then i guess we should keep this going
oh 10 rounds. I think i do recall seeing that in the instructions
it looks like you have 8 messages so far so 2 more and we should be good
cool
thanks again
Hello.
Not doing too well.
Bleak and depressing. How is yours going?
My girlfriend left me and I am all alone.
This happened nine days ago. I haven't been able to sleep or eat very well this whole time.
We were together for six and a half years.
Yes, and I think I will miss the pegging the most. No one can do it better or harder than her.
It was probably gradual, but it seemed like all of a sudden at the end.
Pegging is when she puts on a strap on and pleasures me from behind. It is definitely a niche fetish.
The biggest disagreement was that she wanted to start pegging other guys, and I told her no way, we did not agree to that arrangement.
No I am a male. But please don't judge me, I am very fragile right now.
I really miss her a lot, I would let her peg those other guys if she wanted to, I just need to get her back in my life. I told her I would give her as many rimjobs that she requested.
There were other women and men that she would bring home for us to have threesomes with. It made me feel like she was in power.
Very solid like a rock. I feel like you are mocking me now. Are you a man or woman?
Yes, but I wanted her to be domineering, that is how I like it.
hi.
Good enough, I guess. I'm just sad about my break up.
I know, but I just can't seem to move past it, ya know? Replaying all the good times we had together, and how much I loved him.
you have a point.
Yeah, It's still pretty sudden. I thought we were happy together
I thought we were communicating, but apparently, he was happy with somebody else, and left me to be with her.
wow, youre right. I needed that reminder. Thank you. I feel better already.
I never thought about it like that before.
I'm sure that's true. I just really thought he was *the* one. We'd been dating for a year.
I guess there's just another "one" out there in the world though.
I've been dealing with a lot of depression lately. not sure how to shake it (1)
My daughter was born about 3 months ago. I guess it's post-partum.(2)
Well I figured when I was crying at the Pampers commercial that there might be an issue (3)
I've talked to my doctor that delivered my daughter about it. He recommended medication but I'm not so sure I want to take something for the rest of my life (4)
Did they put you on medication (5)
A second opinion is probably a good thing. I just know I can't keep laying in bed 1/2 the day with the baby. (6)
Yeah, I'm not big on the medication. I've talked to several moms that went on it and years later had to stay on it because the withdrawals were so terrible. I'd like to be able to process through it(7)
Well, some of them LOL! Others just scare me to pieces so it really depends on who it is! My husband does not understand at all but he's trying (8)
I don't think a lot of people talk about it. You have this new healthy child, you should be excited, and yet there is extreme sadness and no idea why so you stay quiet about it (9)
Exactly, like it's my fault that I feel this way. My head knows that is not right, my heart another story. (10)
Yes, I am going to look into some support groups in our area and maybe a therapist as well. Just need to do some research to find some locally
I certainly hope so. I'd like to enjoy this little bundle of joy instead of just spending all day at home doing nothing
Hi, yes. I am having a really hard time and feeling depressed.
I feel like I am very isolated. I can not leave my house because I am at high risk of getting Covid. So I feel so alone and kind of helpless since all this has started.
I am not allowed to be around anyone. I know its for my own health but that doesn't help when I am so lonely. It seems like I can not contribute to anyone or lend a hand to people. I am just stuck at home with a feeling of doom.
I do not really know how to do that but it seems like a really good idea that I have never thought of before. Do you think it would help my mood?
I like that idea. I hate feeling like I am a debbie downer type. I do not want to tell anyone how I feel. I am trapped in a few ways.
Sometimes I feel like i am the only one. I have a good life and have my health so I feel guilty for complaining about being sad. I have not been able to eat or clean my house. I just lay around with no energy.
Yes, exactly. That is precisely how I feel! It seems like I am in a movie with a sad ending and it just keeps repeating over and over.
I like your ideas and want to start using them right away. I want to reach out online and find a group to join.
That is a really valid point and helping me see the bigger picture in life. I need to know it will not always be this way.
Thank you for your time and help today. I have not felt this good in a long time.
I feel very understood and validated.
Thank you very much! I will go on to Facebook now.
Hi there!
Doing ok I think. But I think the stress is getting to me. How about you?
Any suggestions on how to deal with a boss who you don't feel appreciates you?
In a way yes. I've worked for this person for several years. Felt I've done a really good job. Gone above and beyond but my evaluations always come back as just meets expectations. Nothing more. Just fond out he's hiring someone new to train to take over his job when he retires.
It would have been nice to have been considered. At least been in the conversation. There are 3 others on our team.
The other 2 are part timers
male
no, I'm female.
currently, no. the new person he's looking to hire to take over eventually is female.
Yes, I'm full time.
Haven't had the chance to bring it up. The boss tends to have a temper and doesn't like questions to his decisions. Trying to figure out a way to bring it up without making the work situation more difficult.
Glad to hear I'm not just being petty about it. It's his general nature. His approach is more like a bull in a china shop. His way or no way.
I think may be because my approach to things are a little more subtle. I tend to get a long with people in different departments more than he does. I'm "not aggressive enough" he's said in the past. But I just think it's a different approach on how to handle matters.
nothing more than employer/employee.
I don't think it's come to that point. feel like I do need to personally address it as you mentioned earlier. I think going above his head on it would just make it worse. I just have to find the right way to approach him with my concerns.
Yeah. Will probably talk to one of my co-workers for more feedback as well.
Not yet. But that sounds like a good idea.
great point. appreciate the feedback.
great food for thought. I just have to figure out how best to act. thanks.
Truly appreciate your words of support. This make feel a lot better. I think I have a good enough relationship with the HR office to discuss.
Thank you again. Thanks for the chat. Best wishes to you!
hi. i dont feel too well. I lost my job 6 months ago and i am not ablle to find work
yes it is a horrible time. I dont know what to do and i dont have a lot of support and my rent is due for over 2 months
i dont have anyone helping me and i am new to this city so i dont know who to turn to
i have neve rheard of them but i will google them up
i did look up food bank, but there is none located where i live but i might be able to drive to the nearest one outside the city
that sounds super helpful. I can check them out as well. I also dont know if iam applying to the right jobs. It makes me so sad to be rejected every week
what else can you recommend
no because I didnt lose my job coz of covid.
is there anything else i can apply for
I have chronic health issues so i was let go
do you have any other suggestions
i actually am considering that
how can start this priocess of a law suit
i will try that. you have been super helpful . i will also google the location of food baank todaY
I chose a past experience so this will be hypothetical. But I'm looking for ideas for other resources for this course since my professor isn't helpful
What other ways can I get help to perform better? Who should I talk to?
Yeah I am, it's differential equations. Are you able to see the situation description I wrote that has more details?
Yeah that could be useful. I'm not sure if my school offers that - the math department isn't very good. I'm an engineering major. I wonder if an engineering professor or student could help instead
Yeah that would be helpful. I think I need to hear things a different way. The professor is very confusing, but when I have gotten help from other students the concepts don't seem hard. I just don't do well with his teaching style I guess, it's not that I'm not smart enough to understand. Does that make sense?
Yeah, it can be very stressful when I don't understand though. I'm normally a very good student so it's easy to be hard on myself. But it's good to hear that this is a pretty common experience
Yeah that sounds really nice. One of the hardest things was that the professor would never go back and explain what he did, so a problem might be 20 minutes long and if you got confused 3-4 minutes in you were just lost for the rest of it
That is actually one thing I'm pretty good at. I'm miserable when I'm tired, so I almost always get 7-8 hours a night.
Thanks! It's reassuring to know other people felt the same way with this course. Sometimes I felt like I was dumb or lazy because I didn't understand, but it sounds like it's just challenging and those feelings are normal
Yeah, that has always been hard for me, but I'll try to be deliberate about that
I do, thanks!
I am, thank you. I feel good, and I think we have completed the requirements of the study, so I am good with wrapping up our chat now if you are
You too!
am having sleep disorder problem
will you able to help?
Daily am not able to sleep on time
Great
past 2 weeks
will you able to help with some video links
which I can see and follow
yeah. may be work related
am spending more time on work
I need to switch some activities other than work
will you suggest to take off for few more days from work?
will that work
or any other better solution
additional work being assigned to me
that causes more work stress
most of them are new to me, so am spending more time to learn
am trying to speak. but she is not listening much
let me try to tell my situation and get some better solution
will you able to share some yoga & mediation links?
to divert me from the extra addiotnal work
Sure. I can try whatever you suggested
am sure definitely I will get some changes
I felt good after chatting with you
Thank you so much for your advice and have a good day.
Bye. closing this chat
I am not good
I had a hard time this day
I had broke up the relationship with my partner.
Yes, it is. I tried a lot to forget about that. But I couldn't.
Yes. I would love to watch movies
I tried it. But I couldn't concentrate on it.
Yes. Thank you for your suggestion. While walking I feel little better.
Yes. I do think so. I should do that.
No. Actually I am really shy to talk with friends. If they started, I can continue the speech. Otherwise I am not comfortable to talk with anyone. Because of this I don't have so many friends. However my partner is my best friend.
I will follow your suggestion. Thanks a lot.
Yes. I do believe it too. Thank you so much.
Hello. Not so well. I have a very stressful job situation right now.
I really never got along with my coworkers. I think they purposefully harrass me sometimes. For example, yesterday during lunch time, they took my soda and threw it on the garbage can, then said "oops, I thought it was empty".
If that defines it as bullying, then yes, that's right.
On top of that, my boss seems to hate me, and treats others much better than me.
I feel like I meet all the standards that are expected from me at work. I don't know what else do they want.
Maybe it has to do with my appearance? Do they dislike me because I am obese?
No, I haven't tried that. And I appreciate it, but you have no way of assuring that I am beautiful when you haven't seen me. Beautiness is relative too. Maybe I am dislikeable for my coworkers but pretty for someone else.
Do you think my boss will react positively to your suggestion?
I feel like maybe I can give it a try.
That's a pretty view to have about beauty.
Keep it up : )
I honestly kind of fear them. I just want them to leave me alone.
My girl friend break up with me
sh
she love other one
That person is very smart and very rice. So she affected with him
Very painful and very sadness
I am very hearting today.
She's broke my heart.
Thank you very much. But i can't accept this pain.
I am sorry. I can't chat any more please end of this survey.
Ok. I can try.
Yes
Yeah, i am excited upcoming chrisms and new year party.
New year party is with my friend and family affairs.
It's very excited and lot of fun and games.
Musical chair and funny game
Dancing game
Yes, very fun play the music and around chair run.
No, i don't have part planned.
Yeah, i am feelin good my friend.
Thank you very much.
Okey, thank you my friend.
Marry chrisms
And advance happy new year.
Thank you.
No friend i already have great today. I am feeling great right now.
Thank you.
Oh yeah,
Hello
Please reply to me
I am not good .
What about you?
I trust my friends blindly. But they not.
It creates depression on my mind
I cannot concentrate on any other works
I trust my friends very much. They won't show the same trustfulness on me.
They think I am not suitable for some places. They want to go that places without my knowledge is not a problem. But they hide the total matter
It may be misunderstanding. I tried to talk with them.
They won't respond to me
If they feel uncomfortable , they could speak directly but they won't did that also
Can you any idea to get out from this?
no
how to get out from my depression?
Thank you my dear.
I got a little bit idea
I will try to explore it
is there any general way to get out from stress?
I like to read book. Shall I try this?
Thank you friend. Shall we end the chat?
I feel very happy about your help
Ok buddy. Thank you and bye.
Hi. Quite frustrated with my tween daughter!
She doesn't listen to anything I say. She loves to play on the computer and tablet and her phone but when it comes to something simple, like turning off the light when she's done in the bathroom or throwing away a candy wrapper, she won't do it.
She doesn't seem to think that it's wrong to thrown her dirty socks in the living room instead of the laundry.
I guess so.
I'm 53 so going through menopuase while she is going through puberty.
True.
I just wish she would take some pride in her things and herself.
She hasn't showered in a week and hates to brush her hair.
Sure, that's probably true.
Unfortunately I have spoiled her rotten so that she has most everything she could want (well, not an I-phone and nintendo switch! lol)
I think she is getting very close to the age where she will pay attention to herself and general appearance, but she's not there yet.
I have, lol.
She is getting much better about putting clean underwear on everyday at least.
She also loves to go through my personal things. Takes my nail clippers. Tries on my blush and lipstick. Looks through my drawers.
I don't wear makeup, except for rare days where I put on a little blush and lipstick.
She does do makeup and stuff at her friend's house.
True. She hates to brush her own hair but could sit for for an hour while I brush her hair! lol
Yes, for the most part.
With the pandemic, we have not been out too much. I gave her a much needed haircut about a month ago. Trimmed off about six inches, but it's still way past her shoulders. We will hopefully go for a professional cut soon. I need one too!
That is a very good idea.
Agreed!
We went to a sit down restaurant last week for the first time in a year!
Yes, thank you. It has been helpful. I sometimes feel like I am the only one having trouble with their kids.
Thanks! :)
Sure, will do.
Hello, would you be able to help me with a fear of mine?
Thank you. I'm a little fearful and sad today because I found out my mother hurt her knee and won't be able to work for a while.
Unfortunately she is a nurse and needs to be able to work with patients. I don't think there are any light duty options.
Thank you, I think I am. I am always worrying about my mother, so this is nothing new. Although, financially this will be more stressful.
That's exactly right. I am worried because I think I may need to financially assist her if she doesn't recover soon and I also don't have much to sustain myself.
Yeah, that's a good idea. I should start saving a little bit specifically in case I need to help her. Thank you for the advice!
Thank you. Do you have any advice for how to calm down fear?
Thank you. That has given me a broader perspective, which I was in need of. I appreciate your help! Take care. Goodbye.
Oh, and let's both hope the best for my mom! :)
Actually it looks like we need to chat a couple more times to earn the bonus. Would you have any suggestions on how I could talk to my mother? Should I tell her that I can help her financially or wait for her to ask?
I think it might, but I also don't want to insult her.
Hello...
I am quite stressed.
I can't believe that my hours were cut again at my current job.
Because of the pandemic, my boss is not generating enough money so they cut everyone's hours. I don't blame him but I am so frustrated at this whole thing.
I want to but I don't want to be fired or annoy them.
I just don't want to annoy them. Meanwhile, I am trying to get another job but no luck so far. :(
Yep and unfortunately I still have not receive any response.
No one in the neighborhood has kids and everyone does their own yard work around my area.
At this point, I don't know. I have thought about doing art commissions and selling them online but I don't know if my abilities are enough. Plus there is a lot of completion in the field.
You know what? I think I'll try it out. :)
I think that is it. Thank you for the encouragement. :)
You too! :)
I can't find a job since I've been staying home with the children so many years and am so ashamed I can't pay my bills now.
No, it's because I am a caregiver to my children for so many years and now people are like what experience do you have.
Yes, I don't know how to begin as it is stressful
Where do I find them?
I'm not sure if a recruiter works as well as a regular application. Do you have experience with one?
That sounds like a possibility. I hope it would work for me.
I would love to do that. How do you start?
That sounds very interesting and promising. I could also care for the kids still if needed.
I appreciate all your help.
You are welcome. Have a nice day
hello
yes I would like to find more jobs, hopefuly online
do you have any suggestions?
haha, i am the same
Mturk really helps as my side job
I heard finally Antarctica got Coronavirus
I have applied for them but never got them. So I am trying to become a YouTuber
yes who wants to live in Antarctica lol
possibly, problem is that i don't want to show myself online, what do you think about wearing a full face mask and do youtube?
I think that is a great idea. Full mask is better than a partial mask
Right, thanks for your advice, They do any crazy stuff to make money
i know right, when in desperation people go crazy
i want to be prepared before I go into that state
I hope so too 1
oh yes the stock price may keep going up. Like Tesla, that cheears me up
what do you mean?
Oh yes
They're gonna give out 600 dollars to us I hope
Right now I am not too desperate and can enjoy listening to Christmas songs,
It is a beautiful time. Not really, as I did not buy any expensive gifts etc
well, thank you for your advice. It was great taoking to you. Merry Christmas
Hello there. I am feeling a bit down.
Sure. I am not going to be able to do Thanksgiving with my parents because of Covid and I am kind of bummed out about it. Some mild depression.
Well yeah, but it's not the same. I know I am doing the right thing, but it still sucks.
Oh that's nice, I didn't know that. Thanks. I thought about trying a video wifi call on the phone but that would be better.
Yes, I think I going to get some bread pudding and drop it off over there too. I can take enough precautions to make sure it is safe for them.
Yeah I guess we can do a toast and stuff on zoom. That might be a little better.
Are you kind of in the same boat? It helps a little bit talking with somebody that is.
I see, well my family isn't that big but we do try to get together every thanksgiving to have a good meal and hopefully watch the Cowboys win. This will be the first time in a long while that I can even think of we aren't doing it.
That's a fair point. Hopefully this will only be a one year disturbance with these vaccines on their way. They should both have theirs well before then and hopefully me too.
Agreed. Well you have been most helpful letting me vent a little and talk about it. Thanks a lot.
We will make it through this. Take care and thanks a lot.
Hi.
I am having a lot of depression and anxiety due to undergoing chemo for a cancer diagnosis. I don't know what to do to help me feel better.
It comes and goes in waves. Sometimes I feel strong and other times I feel so weak.
Yes. That is true, but it can be so overwhelming at times.
What are some things that you do to feel better?
I also journal. It helps sometimes. But I can't stop thinking about my family and how hard this is on them also.
Yes. They are very supportive. That is one of the things that make me so sad. I hate the thought that this disease may take me away from them.
It is getting somewhat better and you have been so much help just being their and letting me vent.
Yes. You have been a help. I hope that you have a great day.
I will since you made it better. Have a very Merry Christmas.
Hello
My friend has passed away and I'm having a hard time dealing with it at the moment.
Yes we were close, the funeral was a few weeks ago. I miss him
Yes I do have a few friends, actually we have some friends in common but I don't want to burden them with my sadness. Maybe I'm being soft?
I think it would help to think of the good times yes. the only problem is this could leave me feeling a lot more sad. I know my friends miss him too so maybe we could link up?
I was thinking of starting a Facebook page but I know that trolls can Target those.
yeah that's not a bad idea. also may be speaking to somebody about it might help, I'm just reluctant at the moment as I don't want to appear weak.
thanks for your concern by once a extreme depression or giving up. it's more just a constant sense of grief that just doesn't seem to go away. I think I will get over in time. I just wonder what I can do to speed that process up?
thanks for that. it's good to know that this is normal and if it carries on I think I speak to somebody about this in more detail.
thanks for your kind words and positivity it really helps
no that's it thank you very much for your help
Hey
Im not doinf the best beating myself up over past thinga ive done in my life
Well i been thinking boutnmy ex girlfriend
Wishing i woulsldve done things i done
I been feelinf shame, disgust, and anxiety
Really bad
Losingnmybrelatiinship with her really different
Ya i suppose your rifht
Ya well i just wish i had a way to get in touchwith her and let her know that im sorry not trying to get a second chance since i had my chance already and screwed it up
Maybe so but i was a real dickhead to her. She totally didnt swaweve it
Ya your right thank you for your time
eh
wish i could relax
since i had to pick up two extra jobs on top of my full tiem job
cost of living went waaay up
boss cant afford to give me a raise
so i picked up two part time jobs i can do at home
i'm also in online school for my masters degree
i just never get a break
it is i also have 3 kids. im divorced. i have an 8 yo daughter and twin boys that are 6
i guess
my family is in another state. i dont really have time to have friends :/
lol i have one. they said i am taking too much on but they cant see anything i can drop. :/ not much help. lol
not a bad idea though
thanks for the support
thanks
Hello
It's pretty okay things could always be better though
Thank you
The situation I have listed there happened a while ago but still has some affect on our friendship today
What I should have put in is about my uncle I'd rather talk about that. He passed yesterday to colon cancer
I am. I knew he had it but didn't know how bad off he was until they called and told me all his organs were shutting down
That is really nice of you to say but sadly he passed last night
Yeah it's sad
Thank you. It has been really nice talking to you here
Okay I'll keep that in mind and you have a nice time also
My friend thinks we should still be friends but her drug addict boyfriend has already borrowed money from myself and others too many times and has stolen from other people.
Yes, I can still care about her but I cannot be a part of her life if this is what she wants.
Am I wrong? Sometimes I'm confused by what I'm seeing. Other times, like now, I feel confident in my decision. I guess I never thought I would see her end up with this kind of situation.
Hello?
I thought the same thing. I've had family members who were alcoholics and it was almost the same thing. I bailed them out till I saw it wasn't going to make a world of difference.
How do I deal with the sadness of all this?
Maybe so. I know I talk to family about it and they don't think it's that big of a deal.
Yes, I guess it is not easy for them to understand. But she's been my friend for so many years, I just don't get it. What was that group Al-Anon?
I'll have to look into it.
No, I think that's all I needed,maybe just talking about it put things into perspective.
Nice talking to you too.
Goodbye.
Hi. How are you?
Ive been better. Just got into a major argument with my parents.
They dont agree with the girl I have been dating.
Because of her race. She is black.
You are right. But Im afraid it is solely based on race. She is such a great person. I wish they could look past her race.
I hope so. But they are old school. I just lost my cool.
Have you dated interracial?
What race was it? What did you do?
Interesting. My girl is black. I hope they come around too.
You have been a great help!
All I can think of is maybe she is jealous. She deleted my mom and husband too. We have mutual friends whom she did not delete
Nope this is a new one. I posted part of it in my topic area
You have to read the topic part of it
Ok
So I had posted in that the following.
I just had a baby a couple days ago. Two weeks before I found out a really good friend deleted me on facebook
No reason given she's just gone
She deleted my husband and mom too. We have mutual friends that she did not delete
I'm thinking maybe she's jealous about me having a baby. I don't know why else out of the blue she would of done that.
The only other thing I can think of is she was dating this one horrible guy and maybe she's back with him but I feel like she would of dated other mutual friends because she knew none of us liked him
I think she maybe wants a baby/husband/family and just hasnt found it yet. It never seemed to bother her before.
Some of our other mutual friends have kids so I don't understand
I wanted to reach out to her but since I didn't do anything I figured if she wants to talk she can reach out to me
Ya I will give her some time to maybe think about things and come back around
It just sucks not having my friend around during this
I hope so
But then a part of me is like do I want her back.
You know if she can just check out so easily
Ya you are probably right.
I think I am just mad now that she couldnt just talk to me about her feelings
I'll try not too
For not I have enough to keep me busy. It's just a sad situation
It is
I will
Well thanks for talking to me
Hello
I have been better
My ex partner and I broke up a long time ago because they cheated on me. Now they will not stop contacting my friends and family and posting about me on social media
I usually just document it and try to not go online for a while. It is hard to ignore
I have tried but everyone just tells me there is nothing they can do because they don't think it is dangerous or criminal at this point
I have confronted them in person but it was dramatic to say the least. They basically had a meltdown that they don't want to lose me
I have encouraged my friends to block them as well, but a new account always pops up. My ex really will not give up.
It has been happening for at least 6 months now and it usually happens every weekend
I think that is an excellent idea! That is a good way to end this once and for all.
Thank you very much!
Hello
I'm ok, how are you ?
I'm struggling with depression. I'm a mom at home with my children throughout the day.
It is, thank you. I think I need to cope with self isolation better. Being a mom is self isolating by itself without the pandemic.
I've joined "mom groups" and that does seem to help some. You're right I am losing my sense of self, that is a very good way to put it.
It is very hard to talk to someone about these feelings, when we are all going through it. How have you been able to maintain your sense of self? Any tips?
Thank you for your empathy and understanding. You are so right, self care is so important as a mom, especially right now. My husband doesn't understand that just by going to work he is able to escape for a little while. I will definitely try to practice more self care. Good luck to you and thank you for your advise! You have been very helpful.
Thank you!
Your kids are lucky to have you, stay safe as well.
Have a good afternoon:)
i feel upset today
yes.i have sleeping problem
yes.the problem occurs me daily night
yes.sure i am ready to get suggetions from you
ok.its very good advice .i will follow these steps surely
ya.sure.thanks you very much for the help
thank you so much .have a nice day
i decided to to yoga for better sleep
its nice and going good
ok.thank you.all the best too
Hello?
I don't know what to do. I want to quit and punch the new manager in the face.
The company mostly and myself for having to work there.
I can't quit because I have bills to pay and it will be hard to find other job right now.
Yes, it is. And the new manager is useless! He does not appreciate my efforts at all and I know more than him.
Yes, that's really frustrating. I find myself biting my tongue more than once every day when I hear his opinions about the work.
Yes, I have done it. I might try writing alternatives and see if that helps.
I used to journal when I was younger but stopped doing when I started working.
I will look into that site. I will have to update my resume as well.
I agree. It is just hard to fit it in when you're always working.
Thanks a lot for that. I feel encouraged and a little better now. I can regain control of things if I focus on the solutions.
Have a great day!
Hello.
Im doing fine. What about you?
I have problem with the communication. One of the main problems, is that Im not sociable person, so I dont have a lot of friends, and the situation with Covid, just finished me. Now, I'm siitin at my home, just playing game and study. How can I start to communicate with people?
Or to meet the new peoples?
For example, the games that I'm playing are: Call of Duty, League of Legends. Yes it's multiplayer game, where can communicate throught the discord or voice, but I'm making a lot of cringe staff, that takes away new playes/friends.
I guess, it cause of my fears, that I can miss the new friends.
Almost, I play solo. Yeah, I undertsand your message. You said right things.
Yes, I need to try it. I guess it's one of the best way to solve my problem. Thanks
Yh, it kinda difficult, cause need to know some staff, before you play it.
I can find any work and i truely dont know how i am going to eat
cant
i am stressed out
how are you
I dont know where to look for work. i dont trust it is safe to work and i am anxious most of the time thinking of it
that sounds helpful i do need some guidance
yes i did work
i worked at a deli which has shut down so my experience is in the food industry
so overall i was laid of due to covid then even though they tried to stay open the money was so ad they had to close
i am not sure what other field of work to start looking into
I could do that and i have used amzon mturk i do not know of any other good paying survey sites
unemplyment ran out im not sure how to reapply
also when the heck is another stimukus coming lol no what is a chrome extension?
i am interested in ways to use my computer to make money
yes ill google it
i am so thankful to at least have access to the internet
i am using chrome, what does that have to do with surveys online, maye i lost the point
can i use them somehow to make money online?
oh ok what does it do
have you used amazon mturk for long
oh i see that sounds good, how much do you have to pay after that do you know?
nice i have only used it for a month and ive made alomst 300 dollars, i am so happy for this it is just not quite enough yet
lol i
i have 3 kid and christmas is coming,thats some good motivation
that a few hours a day and sometimes i wanna throw my computer when i am done, the instant payment keeps me motivated
i didnt expect this conversation to actually help me, thankyou
neat, saltwater or freshwater?
we have a salt reef tank and a cat as well named perch
I have to agree any littel amount helps
yea i only saw the 3 day option
ok thats fine lol
ok i think we can end now it had een 1 minuted
fifteeen minute
thanks for your help and i am really thankful for your information.
lol say what that they are fighting?
i understand that my six year old is hooked
they shouldve told us that or maye i missed directions, either way we completed the task and to each their own glad you can ho
Hello.
I'm okay. Facing a tough decision and having a hard time coping.
Yes, thank you. I decided to go back to school to finish my BA.
Well now with the pandemic I don't know if it's the right time anymore.
I'm taking online courses right now, and I really don't like it. I much prefer in classroo m lecture.
I don't know. I want to see if I could find classes conducted with Zoom or video.
I will try to do that. If that's my only option right now, then I will have to settle for classes conducted over livestream. I just don't like self-learning.
Yes, I just wish it could be the way it was. I was so happy to be back in school and I'm so close to being done.
I agree. I still hate it though.
Thank you for the words of encouragement. I do appreciate that.
No. Thanks for chatting with me.
Hi ineed help, parents are putting to much pressure on me
Yes. For some reason my parents put so much pressure on me to do well in school its killing me.
No. i haven't im scared they will be so mad at me telling them how i feel
No, i haven't but i will take your advice and talk to a counselor
That's great. it will definitely ease some tensions
I will talk to the counsellor first and see what they say.
i feel so much better now
thank you. feel less pressure
no that's it. you've been very helpful
are you there?
Thank you. i will do my best to get it off my chest
it is. But thank you for our advice
thank you again
Hello
Just a bit sad. The holidays always seem to do that.
Work is a good distraction from life.
Work can set you free from your own thoughts
Oh sorry, wasn't saying it in the same context of Hitler. It actually predates the Nazi's . But nonetheless it can be taken the wrong way. My bad.
Just your typical dead end job working for a corporation. Got to make the mortgage payments. But given how many people are out of work we are supposed to be happy to have a job.
Yeah just don't have the confidence to find a new job. I get paid a decent wage and the work isn't hard. It just isn't mentally rewarding.
There's no other positions at the company I work at, I would have to leave the company. I am at the top of my position being a supervisor.
That would take a lot of motivation to change careers.
Not really. I didn't have those types of dreams. I went to college , got a job, make money. Pretty much achieved what I set out to do. Didn't realize it wouldn't bring happiness.
Yeah I am a few years shy of a midlife crisis but I joke about it being a mid life crisis all the time.
Thank you, you too.
Hi
I've been feeling really sad lately. I think I have depression
It's 2020 so there's been a lot going on, but I've been struggling with this before all of that. 2020 has made it much worse though
I live on my own... well at least as the only human. I have a dog
She is amazing and my love and joy. On days I feel I cannot get out of bed and I don't have work, I get up for her
I wish. We haven't had the time recently to connect due to being so busy. Do you have any tips or ticks for things I can do by myself?
Right. Online courses are fun
I need to. I just haven't had the money to see one. They're expensive
Yeah...
2020 has not been fun to say the least. I am hoping 2021 is a much better year
Thank you for listening to me
Hello my name is Marie
I have a lot of depression
I feel like I'm always hurting
I have low energy most of the time except for when I'm working
My job is fast paced I work for a call center working from home
I'm always taking one call after the other and barely got time to think about my problems I'm dealing with
I enjoy my job
I feel like I get to help alot of people
it distracts me from my problems exactly
I'm actually one of the best at my job
I wish I was that good with myself personally
Thank you
I don't know what I'm going to myself when I'm not working
I feel hopeless about many things
trying to lose weight, trying to void getting diabetes, having better conversation with boyfriend , convince him to spend more time with me instead of work buddies after work hours, want to finish college, being able to buy a house, improving my credit, convincing my dad and brother to get mental help
having a more active lifestyle , making new friends
those are things I need to accomplish
I believe those are the things that have been bothering me for a long time
not being able to accomplish those things makes me feel hopeless
frustrated
feel like I'm meaningless to thers
those are all goals in my life that I need to reach
I just don't know how most of the time
I feel like I can't get guidance anywhere
those are goals that when I accomplish them it will make me feel better
if I accomplish them it will feel like there was improvement
probably I've been used to my dad telling me what to do for a long time
I lack self motivation
I want to do all those
I'm not sure what should I do first
I feel like all those goals will take some time
can't be accomplish right away
I need to stay on top of those goals but I feel like I get side tracked
pursuing only one of these will not be enough to make me happy I will keep thinking about the goals I need to accomplish
is there a technique that you can suggest I follow to feel self motivated and keep my goals organized and in check
I will feel successful after completing most of these goals
yeah sometimes I don't make the bed I wait to see if my boyfriends makes it sometimes
sometimes I do make the bed
it's not that bad doing that
I actually feel good about my self after making the bed
procrastination seems to get the best of me
I wish I made the bed more often
that sounds weird
not what you said I referring to what I said I think it was weird
right?
maybe you're right I need to make it a habit
I need to make the bed more often since it makes me feel good after making it
oh okay thanks
wow
that's good to know
that explains that feeling after making the bed
lol
yes I think those are mostly big goals that's why I don't know where to start
pick a number?
that's really good advice to break down that goal
you did
thank you so much
thank you very much
I really appreciate your guidance
have a good night
Hello.
I lost my job because my employer wouldn't make an exemption for my medical condition. I'm out of work. I don't know how I'm going to pay my bills.
No, I quit because they refused to make an exemption. I physically couldn't fulfill the requirements that they put on me.
Yeah, I just don't know what to do now. My wife works part-time but I need a little more cash.
Yes, I have. I think I am getting closer to finding something.
Yeah, thanks. I just hope it works out...
Yeah, I'm using Indeed.
Thanks, have you found a job?
That's true. It can be supplemented with gigs.
Thanks for your help.
hello
i feel anxious
I have a large test coming up for school
yes, definitely
how did you manage stress
that is what I try to do, I also exercise to relieve the stress
the sleep part can be difficult
Do you have any suggestions to improve sleep the night before?
I've tried melatonin - hit or miss. I haven't thought of podcasts - maybe I will try that
thank you! luckily exams don't last forever
thank you for your suggestions - which podcast do you recommend I try
The names sound like they would be helpful, I will look into them - thanks!
have a nice day
hello
im just feeling anxious about my job future. A lot of my colleagues are having trouble getting their licenses because of covid
which means we wont be able to work
I'm studying to be a pharmacist
Really scared of getting sick too since I have to work in hosptials and such
Yeah I've been reading those research articles recently they look promising
I'm hoping the vaccines get developed early next year and everyth ing can go back to normal
Yeah it's looking like things will improve
Yeah not looking forward to flu season
I wish people would just stop throwing parties and getting everyone sick
:( yeah they do don't they
Yeah i'll definitely keep my self isolated if im sick
im worried about all my friends too because all of us will be out working in hospitals soon
thanks :)
I'll try to take care of my self hopefully I end up helping a person or two
No I think this has been a very productive conversation thank you for your time :)
you as well
Any help on dealing with the stress and frustration would be helpdul
Trying to balance work pressure with family and having little support due to the pandemic
Yes it is
Any advice
We both work full time so we are both trying to balance it out
It is hard to do well being a parent and being successful at work
Ive tried but thats easier said then done.
That you that is good advice. How are you balancing it?
I just want to make sure I can balance it all and be present
That is wonderful advice. I like the walking part. Get some fresh air.
Have a wonderful night
Thank you that helps a lot
hello is anyone here?
i am okay i guess
yeah well basically i'm stressed up at work and i can't any any new job
we usually help 10 to 15 customers a day and the amount of work has increased so i'm very stressed
no that would be bad since i need the money
we need at least 10 turns (two messages per turn), so what advice do you have for me?
that's not really helpful since it won't really solve the problem
hopefully this goes away after the end of christmas
i think i will also reduce my workload my boss always says i do the work of 3 people. and i will ask for a day off
yeah we do have some days we can take off. i guess i will do that. thanks
hello
thankyou but i am not
i am so depressed...this covid isolation is really getting to me...i don't know what to do
i have trouble getting motivated to do basic things like cooking
yes i miss my friends and my normal activities. But also the stress of this whole covid situation i think is also getting me down. Even though i know we are in the final lap
i feel so sad and down, do you ever feel like that since covid started?
yes...i do stuff like email phone and zoom but it just doesn't cut it, you know? i didn't realise how much i need people until this happened
i am not sure what to do to help my low mood
i have tried yoga and don't like it. I don't have a garden but i do really enjoy and appreciate my houseplants
i don't feel comfortable on video, i don't know why, but that is a good suggestion
so try to find things to keep busy and distracted then?
and not think about this stupid pandemic more than i have to?
i like the idea of sharing jokes. humour definitely helps, i try to watch funny stuff on tv
ok that's good advice....thankyou...and it just helps having you listen
i have to go
thankyou for your help, i really appreciate your ideas and support
walks help for sure!
thankyou you stay safe too
bye
actually
i forgot to ask, how long have you been gardening? and what is it about gardening that helps you do you think?
did i lose you
i live in an apartment so i don't have a place to garden...but i get a lot of pleasure from my houseplants
i think it's seeing nature....i also feel better when i walk in the nearby park...it's the birds and trees...they help my low mood
but sometimes i am just too low to get started a walk!
i will be getting a vaccine soon and i think seeing people again will help me...do you hve your vaccine yet?
once i have a vaccine i can walk with friends again...go for coffee with friends...go to the store....etc....things will get easier
but we have had to be so patient for so long, all of us
yes this is true
but the fear will be gone
less fear = less stress= better mood....I hope!
well thank you again
little depressed
yeah, i broke up with my girl y esterday
she cheated me by having another relationship with her cousin
it feels so hurting
i can't bear her activity and when i asked about it she lies at me
and afterwards showing rude attitude towards me
yeah, i think so. but i can't control my sadness of being betrayed by my loved one
but how can i get out of it, it does so hurting. we are in a relationship of almost 4 years
I think so, do i need to concentrate on the activities like achieve my goal
yes i need to get a good job
yes am working in a restaurant as supervisor
yes i wants to become a hotel owner
yes i will
yes, i think so... thank you for your suggestions
not now
yeah, thank you my friend
ok friend thanks a lot
Hi there, i'm doing okay today. Getting things ready for wokr.
work*
Really well, I enjoy being there. And it pays well, so can't go wrong with those two positives.
Yep, it works fine for me. Can't complain very much about it.
To be honest, not really. I pretty much self-manage and do not have to deal with people, which is a good thing for me. Every now and then I'll have to work with a new person who isn't as competent and that can be frustrating.
Yeah. It's more of a competency problem with me I think. I'm fine if people aren't responsive to my personal ideas, but as far as a work situation - or any situation where there are pre-agreed situations that must be dealt in certain ways - that is frustrating. I think I expect too much from people - but really my expectations aren't that high, I don't think - if I really think about it.
That is true, and a good point. My main issue - it's not just related to work - I'm not a "liker" of people in general, but I am nice to everyone. I have a hard time relating to most people.
Well, it seems someone has to have to have gone through some hard times as well, for me to relate to them. And to have learned from those hard times. So that cuts out a good bit of people who have had good lives - and then half the people who have gone through some stuff haven't learned from it and made themselves better. So it s
So I have to try to weed everyone out, but that's exhausting.
Thats good advice. Often Im fine with the way thjngs are going, but every once in a while it bothers me.
Yeah I try to stay cognizant of these things. Ive had some psych training so it helps out.
Good points made. Helps me to talk about it with someone every now and then. Thanks for your help.
hello
I've been sad. My dog died
Sorry to hear that. I just watched a movie that had a dog that looked like mine in it. It upset me
I don't remember the name of the movie, but it was about some kids trying to find homes for dogs that a shelter was closing before Christmas
She was old, blind and was getting dog dementia. I had to have her put to sleep
It is. At least I was able to be with her so she wasn't afraid.
I just miss her. I believe she is with her brother. He died 7 years ago. He was hit by a car.
I can understand that
I was doing pretty good then there was this dog in the movie and I just broke down again.
It helps to have a person to talk to. I used this chat Hit before right after I had to put her to sleep. The person I talked to then had a dog too.
It's a good Idea to do something to get my mind off of it.
Yes it helps.
That sounds like a good idea. A comedy probab ly would help
Okay. Thanks for talking. Goodnight.
hello
Things are always crazy, and of course with the pandemic my anxiety is even more through the roof. It's not a good time to have immune issues
I am also facing the real possibility of surgery which scares the heck out of me. I am! I have a severe auto immune disease called Ulcerative Colitis, and I am on immuno suppresant meds on top of that
Well kind of yes. I am going crazy because I've had this for 8 years now and it's forever changing. I've been hospitalized so many times its crazy. This pandemic has made things worse because stress makes it all worse
Its just really depressing not knowing what to expect next. Its hard to trust the good days sometimes because you can have a wonderful day and wake up really sick the next. Its very unpredictable and I think whats worse is that people really don't understand.
Yes I am part of many on facebook, and yes it does help a lot. I just wish my husband would be able to understand. He says and does some things that make me feel even worse. Almost like he thinks I'm making it up at times. Like, dear goodness no.
I have tried to talk to him but he seems very uninterested at times. I even tried going to counseling with him and that didn't work. It's just frustrating. He was with me when the one doctor had said just how bad it was and he didn't seem to really pay attention. He was also there when I had to have an emergancy blood transfusion and it was really hard to read him. He just doesnt say or so much
Yeah whenever I try it's like pulling teeth. I know some of it is how he was brought up. I don't think his dad ever showed much emotion/
so yes I'm sure that has something to do with it. I also feel bad a lot of the time because I have two kids. I feel like I fail them a lot
our oldest was born before I got sick. Our youngest was a miracle baby. I was on birth control and he was determained anyway :) He is definatly a gift but I feel bad often
My oldest yes, he seems to understand, he is 8.5 years old. Our youngest is only one so he doesn't understand any of this yet.
He says he understands, but I'm not sure on just what level.
Thank you for the talk! I do feel a bit better right now!
Hello
I don't have close friends because I don't trust people
people in general, I do trust certain family members
no, I have a hard time trusting people i don't know in order to make friends
i think it feels like a problem because I never let anyone too close in order to make friends and have an external support system
how did you do it
I actually think that is a great idea. I have never thought of doing that for that specific purpose.
I guess it makes a lot of sense. If you go to a party or a bar, you don't know what you will get, as it is a mixed bag of personalities. Whereas if you go to something like what you suggested then you already know that the people you meet have the same kind of heart.
Thank you for that suggestion, that is really helpful and something that I will take with me from now on.
I feel ok being alone mostly, but other times I would like to have people I could relate with and hang out with. Probably has a lot to do with ADHD and how I feel misunderstood or my anxiety gets the best of me in social situations
do you know any specific groups?
is this something you have done?
oh ok! I will certainly look that up, thank you for that information.
Does one have to travel far to participate in building houses?
do you know if it requires a person to be away from home a long time?
oh! so a person could just choose how often and how long they participate?
thank you for sharing with me, i might like to participate in it in the future
ok i will look that up, thank you for all your help
ok thank you
no other questions, you have been most helpful, thank you!
LOL good to know!
Thanks for the chat and I hope you have good holidays!
Hi to be honest I am very depressed and angry today
Since helping to raise my grandson and his dad is not helping, or cares how I am feeling. My grandson has been really difficult lately and I find myself losing my temper quickly .
I do go to a quiet place and try some deep breathing, but my grandson always comes walking in
I try talking to him, but due to my grandson having some disabilities his dad does not really want to be bothered. I just want my grandson to succeed and be the best he can be
Thank you for saying that it means alot having someone tell me I am doing a good job. I recently purchased a hot tub and have been thinking that maybe when he goes to bed I could go out and relax, but have not done that yet
I will try my best to get more time for myself and try to relax more often that I currently am.
I am also trying to accept that my medical issues are getting worse and I can not do all that I use to, and that truly frustrates me as well.
I feel that I am having trouble dealing with the fact that I am not able to do all the things I want to do. It is not an easy thing to lose your abilities when you feel so young but your body says otherwise.
I was in physical therapy but could not afford it any longer. So instead I purchased my own hot tub to be able to soak in and do some water exercises that may help me.
That is a great idea, I may even have some here that I could use. I am lucky that I do have two dogs that keep me going as well and am trying to get out and take them on walks more, but not easy when is so cold out lately.
Thank you I will definalty do that and will look for some additional exercises to do.
I would love some additional suggestions!!
Those sound like great ideas, thank you again!!
could be better
thank you, I just don't know what else to do to get a job?
have tried that but don't even get an interview
yes, I do not qualify for unemployment because I have savings above the min threshold and I also have rental property, which is currently loss making and I can't sell it because it's 30% below market value
it's almost depleted, been out of work now for nearly 9 months but still can't get unemployment support because of the property that I cannot get rid off else I will declared bankrupt by the mortgage lender
family is not being fully supported compared to when I had full time job. had to get rid of one car and other things just to get by
but the cost is 7 years of my future???
very well put. seems i am being penalised for working hard, saving and investing? I should have been on more holidays and lived all the way above my means!
thank you for your help.
say i can't quit until we have exchanged 10 messages or spent 15min. I think that has all been done, yes?
I'm really upset about a break up I just had with my boyfriend.
It happened two days ago. I can't believe he led me on for almost a year knowing that I had two children and all of a sudden decided that he didn't want to deal with kids.
I do. I don't understand why he was fine with my kids for almost a year and all of a sudden it changed. I'm completely blindsided.
They don't know yet. I didn't want to upset them right before Christmas.
I'm not really sure how to break it to them when I do finally tell them.
That is a good idea. That would be good so they don't think it has anything to do with them because I'd never want them to feel bad about it!
Hopefully they don't ask me what choices he made and want details.
They are 6 and 8 years old
thank you!
Knowing someone thinks I'm a good mother makes me feel a little better about the situation!
Yes, seeing their faces tomorrow when they open presents will help get me through this sad time!
Hello
I suppose its Life right now anyways
at some point in time I suppose it wont be though
sure we could talk about the holidays and friends and all the mess it causes.
all of it and I seem so little compared to everyone else like im just walking and wearing a ton of shame around me
ya I feel so drowned out by everyone else I feel like I am clothed from head to toe in it
I dunno if its worried so much as feeling so little compared to it. worr
worried might not be the right emotion
you are really supportive btw 8o)))
No i think i feel dumb but its not numb. one time i went to the dentist and he gave me a shot in my mouth that was numb this is kinda of a prickley feeling its not numbness.. something close but a stutter mayber
Thank you for clearing it up you are the greatest bestest clairvoyant mturk supporter I have ever met.. Really I mean you have made me see things as they really are. your the first mturk supporter i ever met.. But dont let that discourage you.. you still the best!! merry christmas
O nvm it says we have to do this for 15 minutes lol
Yea I have been smoking cigarettes for to long all bs aside.. Im going really try to get out of the habit of it this year. hopefully get out of where im staying to.. to a bigger place
try not to shame my friends or enemies any. do something good for someone this year I hope to.. try to at least.. hehe i said on my birthday which was the end of november i was quitting i really need try harder and do it
ya cigarettes they getting up much a pack they really are a waste of money. especially if you dont have alot of money like me
ya Im really going to try
total waste of money make you smell bad
hope you kick it to. ya im in the us they about 8 to 10 dollars here in the usa
you can get some generic ones for like 6 bucks a pack.. its questionable if they tobacco though or recycled newspapers
i was thinking about hiding everyones christmas presents after they put em under the tree tomorrow night.. but it seems like to much effort and i have stay up after they put em up lol.. other then that nah just going kick it
anyhows though I hope you have a really Merry Christmas and your next year goes way awesome
hehe i got get over my dumbness i mean my numbness
that my real new years resolution
hehe
hopefully if no more covid outbreaks
im ready get out of my little corner
Hello. I recently broke up with my boyfriend. We'd were together for 5 years.
It was unexpected and sudden. I found out he was cheating on me.
I am really strict about lies and he broke my trust, so I felt like I had to break-up with him.
I feel like that's true but I miss him so much. Five years is a lot to just throw away.
We also have two dogs and own a house together. I just don't know what to do.
I guess... I'm just not sure how to get to the light from where I am right now. I'm just so angry.
I do, her name is Ann-Marie and she's wonderful.
That's a wonderful idea. I will definitely do that.
I'm not religious at all.
I have found that I have been focusing on my own health a lot more lately.
I'm worried. I lost my job and I'm worried I won't get another one.
Yes, it has been. I just really feel lost.
Project Coordinator.
Construction
Maybe. I'm looking for work from home jobs in the meantime while looking for jobs
I'm going to miss the people I worked with as well.
Yes. it is. I know that we'll get through this whole thing, but in the meantime it's just so crazy making and anxiety inducing.
For sure, these times are so scary.
Yes. it's just being in the middle of it that's frightening.
Thank you for talking to me, it's been helpful
Hi, I'm not doing very well. I feel very depressed.
I recently got fired.
I guess, I mostly just feel really depressed, like I didn't do a good job.
That sounds like a good idea, I could talk to my best friend about this.
I think it might help, maybe I won't feel so sad afterward or so useless.
Yes.
I guess I could say that being fired has made me feel useless and very depressed.
Thank you, I think that this might help me.
Thank you very much.
I think this will really help.
Not really.
well, i'm losing my job in january so that is freaking me out
I've not looked for a job in 20 years!
I've got to do a new resume and then figure out how people even apply these days
I've tried to get in touch with the unemployment office but they do not answer phones lately.
Well it is freaking me out - I will not be able to pay my bills if I don't have a job.
I'm willing to do temp work, etc.. I just have to make enough $ to pay the main bills like mortgage, etc.. it makes me so afraid that I won't be able to do t hat
7 i'm very upset that we are even losing our jobs.
She's just been through this looking for a job thing so she should have some great answers and places to help me maybe
that is true!
ok thank you
Could be better, the info i put for my scenario, just happened this morning.
No actually, in fact today seemed to be starting better than any day this week. I support whatever she wants but right after Christmas is hard
Yeah, December has been hard on everyone. I know things will get better but its hard finding positivity when I feel so negative.
Usually coping is either eating a ton of food or smoking marijuana, but with the holiday money is tight. I am listening to emo pop music from the 2000's now to help.
Honestly, in the past I have been a lot lower than I am now. I really just hope I am able to stay strong for as long as i can right now
Honestly i do the same thing a lot. Songs with a lot of emotion that i can belt out
i will have to find somewhere i can properly exercise my awful vocals lol
honestly its because i have been hospitalized due to my mental state. i try to be as self aware as possible now. i just hate the feeling of being blindsided.
i will give the throwbacks a try today. I do get down with a few of the older bands thats for sure
we literally just talked about it an hour ago. she says she doesnt know what she wants and she doesnt know how long but she doesnt want to be away from me right now. which i feel just isnt fair. i feel like no one can just pick and choose when they want someone around.
i know. with COVID this is so much harder. i may just take a long walk and try to focus on myself, because it seems like our future is in flux and it seems like it could go either way.
i feel like what i may do, is just sleep on the couch for now and give her as much space as possible, at least for now i think
Right, it just feels crappy right now. literally yesterday her mom was telling me how happy she is that i take such good care of her daughter. I will have to just prioritize myself and hope it all works out. after 5 years its just hard
thank you. i really appreciate it. i will do the best i can i promise.
Hello
I have had better days.
I could use someone to talk to.
Ive been feeling down since I broke up with my girlfriend of 5 years.
Im just trying to pick up the pieces and look to be positive.
Thanks for the encouragement. That means a lot.
Any suggestions on how I can get my mind off of it?
Great advice. I think Im going to start up taking yoga again and catch up on some books Ive been wanting to read.
I think Im going to lay low on dating for a while.
How long do you think I should take a break for?
Thanks. That is great advice. I wouldnt want to go into something just for the sake of dating.
Sounds good. I will take your advice.
im am under alot stress
i feel like i am letting my students down
yes and it is hard to feel like i am adequately reaching them
I also have kids so i have the added pressure of trying to teach my own kids and teach 80 others.
i hope so , i know that everyone has to sacrifice but that doesnt make it easier. Knowing that some kids have no one to help them or even take care of them can take a toll on you
yes but my job is the kids, turning that of me off would be turning the teacher in me off
We do what we can but when we can not be in school we are lomited on what we can do
not enough staff for all that need help
it just gets to me that the kids are the ones that are being affected the most by everything
we planned and prepared but eventhen it still wasnt enough
Hi I am feeling quite sad today.
Yes I feel like my friends just don't care about me much at all.
Yes, when we get together all they want to do is talk about themselves. When I raise something that is bothering me they just ignore what I say and go back to what they want to talk about.
Yes I feel left out and unsupported by them.
Well I think they don't care about me and are just selfish about their needs.
Well they are the only friends I have and I have known them a long time. Do you think I should stop being friends with them ?
Oh well that makes me feel sad too. I will be saying goodbye to some long friendships. Do you think that is the only answer ?
Ok how do you think that would help me ?
Yes that is true, it's a good idea. I could also take the opportunity to tell them how I am feeling.
No you have been very helpful and I feel much better now I have a plan of action to address my problem. Thanks.
Hello
Hi
selling all my stuff to move out of the house. Trying to get some short term cash
Couldn't pay my rent
I am not moving
I won't have a home in 2 days
No, since too much time has passed
I am just glad I don't have any children...too hard for them to live on the streets
I am going to go out looking today. my Internet gets cut off today
Where can I get those?
Do you know how much it is?
I mean, how much money do they provide?
I will start researching it now. Thanks for the info.
Sounds good
it could be better, right?
thanks for asking, sure. It has been a while since I lost my house.. so depressed living with a sibling.
Only part time
No i can't ... we are good but still you won't have that control on your privacy and other staffs.
So you know what it feels, right?
let's hope so. This time it looks an everlasting piles of problems ahead..
Friends? eh some, writing and reading were my way of devotion to the unknown and to the self... it seems quite a luxury right now..
I am trying...
Educater, writer, teacher
I used to love it, no more enjoyable now days
I know, hate to complain too... almost about everything...
sure.
is anyone here
hi\
no to good my friend is a drunk and nobody not even her husband tells her that hse is having a problem, so i did tell her now she is spreading lies about me and what a terrible person i am
no I mean she really has issues she gets drunk and mean , falls of chairs in bars and that at least 3-4 times a week, her husband does not say a word since she iis in my oppinion verbally abusive to him
so what do you think i should do
u still there?
she does not talk to me anymore blocked me on social media, and goes around and says I am just trying to cause trouble for her
she is going to loose custody of her child if her ex find out she is always drunk
I think so and there is no talking to her she does not admit that she has a problem, she is trying to casue issues between me and my husband
like what for example, talking does not work? so call the cops on her?
not sure what the best way is to deal with this, or should I just step back and let it be if even her husband does not care?
I might try that. Thanks for listening
thanks again
I am so sad. My boyfriend broke up with me!
I just need someone to talk to because I am so sad.
My boyfriend broke up with me today. We have been together for 4 years
He left me for a younger girl. I cant believe it!
I thought I was going to marry him
He sent me a TEXT that said he didnt want to be with me anymore
I had to find out threw social media that he has a new girlfriend
Its going to be so hard. I dont think I can make it threw this
I havent told them yet
I will try that.
thank you for talking with me. I will reach out to my parents tomorrow and hopefully they will give me some advice.
thank you
I have a licensure exam coming up that I must pass at a 90% score. I have dealt with test anxiety all my life (mind goes blank, difficulty concentrating with noise) and I have to take my exam in a testing center around other people next week. I am extra worried due to COVID. This is a 6 hour exam - what are ways I can calm myself at the exam and succeed?
If you were about to take the most important test of your life (ha!) what would you suggest I do to organize my review the days before the exam? Do you have any study suggestions that have worked for you?
You give good advice, how have you grown into a calm, cool person? :) What obstacles did you have to overcome to get to this level of chill?
That is really helpful advice. I think part of my problem is that I still think I can control every detail and need to learn to let things happen once the ball is in motion. For an exam, I want to do so well because so much is riding on it and that freezes me into trying to control for all outcomes... when really, I can only control myself.
I will definitely arrive early to the test center and walk the campus before going in. Get enough to eat beforehand and bring my snacks so I can focus just on the exam. I'm writing all of this down so I don't forget. It is a shame we can't save the chat.
Thank you for being my peer-supporter, today. You have been a huge help!
Do you have any ideas on what I should about sanitizing my workstation at the exam center? I will be around other people and someone will have used my computer before me. I don't think they are cleaning the stations before the next user.
Alright. I think the proctors will allow it as long as I don't have a bulky bag with me. Maybe some I can just slip into my pocket. Anything too fussy might be cause for them thinking I am bringing answers in with me. I don't have much else to ask about, these were my main concerns.
Thanks to your help, I believe I will do well next week. :)
Maybe you should be a counselor, if you aren't already. :)
Hello, I am taking two courses online now that are nearing their end, one at the end of november, and one at the end of December. I guess I am just scared and stressed out about not doing well.
I see. My problem right now is that due to the pandemic and having a lot of time to myself and getting restless, I tend to waste a lot of time doing other things, and procrastinating. So I am catching up and I know I can finish them, but just that I could have done better, so there's an element of guilt and shame involved because I am not happy with my actions on how I handled my studies.
No, not yet. It's distance education so it's mostly me studying on my own time (each course runs at a max duration of six months), but I have reached out to them regarding some assignment and exam questions.
But I do appreciating your sympathetic tone and that you've gone through this also.
And also I go through things slower and things become more sluggish and not really motivated, whereas before I was faster and more productive and really interested in learning and trying to finish assignments etc as quick as I can, and not take the full 6 months of course deadline.
I see. I do see a problem and just last week I kind of started to prioritize things and take things more seriously, as the deadlines wind down. I am a little behind schedule, but not severely.
yes I do that too. I understand what you mean. The problem with me is I alternate with relaxation with studying too much, and blurring those lines too much.
But yes, I have been going back on track since last week and hope it's not too late to catch up
the stress and panic of the last minute crunch has worked in the past for me in becoming more conscientious
Thank you. I appreciate your input so far.
I really really try to focus and just put all distractions away. Drink coffee, sleep less, and just get it done with less distractions with only the outcome and goal on my mind. It usually works and I did that for example, yesterday. So most of my day at home yesterday was spent on studying, and not so much on other preoccupations.
yes I understand that too. I tend to be more solitary in nature. For me, I talk to my friend for help, a really close friend for advice and my troubles. But most of the time, I get through these logistical and existential problems myself. Not so much that I don't know how to do them or understand the courses or how to do the assignments, but just help on time management and organiza tion.
yes I can do that.
It's harder now though because I am just trapped at home, and plus a lot of my course materials are on the internet and on my laptop (distance education), and so I need to kind of focus on not clicking other stuff (including this website, etc).
yeah that's good to hear but I think you asking these questions does make me focus more on what questions I need to ask myself
like can I put this stuff away, etc.
Also, with being at home all the time, time is warped for me, such that time passes really fast even though it's been many hours. And I then realize the time wasted, etc, just some observations.
ok, will do.
I think our conversation so far has been fruitful in that I have a better idea on what my priorities ought to be.
In fact, me chatting with you right now is just because I am on a self-imposed break, and not a diversion.
sure. I will do that and I hope you're right.
like passing, I could, but at the same time I don't want to just pass the courses barely. I am not a terrible student, but just disappointed because I ought to know and do better.
But yes, I think I am ready to take on the challenge and burden again and thanks a lot
for reassuring and pointing out certain things for me.
thank you. I really appreciate your help and understanding , even though we just met.
Alright, I think I am good to go then, but your input is much appreciated
no this is something I have to take on from here. But thank you very much for everything!
Have a good day then!
thanks
not bad and you
the loss of the of my job has been really difficult, possibilities of losing my home and family is really dire
exactly, my confidence is gone so is my self worth and self esteem.
I used to work in IT and did it for 14 years
been doing it long enough for it to be 2nd nature
yes it does
I have no idea
please
seems a fair suggestion so getting straight back in the game.
thanks for the advice
60% I feel companies want the newer younger versions and its the whole starting from the beginning. but I'll take that advice thanks for your time
Hi.
Good, and you?
This pandemic has my stressed and depressed.
Yes, I am worry for my job stability going into the future.
When do you think this pandemic will end? I'm very worried.
Oh, ok. It is getting worse from where I live. Just the other day a Walmart closed due to 10 COVID-19 cases. Hopefully it will work out.
Does your store take extra safety measures due to this pandemic. Does customers have to wear a mask before entering?
Oh. Is your state in a lockdown currently?
Yes, same. I feel like the economy is going to take a toll. I can't stop worrying.
Thanks again for the conversation!!
Oh ok. Genre of movies you like watching?
I'm not feeling great. I think my girlfriend may be cheating on me.
Yes, I think so although I don't have any proof. Things were going really well and then all of a sudden she text me and told me things aren't working.
She has started a new job and I think she might have met someone at work that she likes better than me. I can't believe she is doing this to me!
Yes I suppose it is true. The thing is I thought things were going well and she is stressed out at work with her new job but we were getting on great!
I haven't thought of it like that before but still I want to talk to her about it not just text me randomly and hint at ending things.
Okay what do you think I should do about it because the text seemed very final? Looks like she has made her mind up already about things.
Do you think that she wants to talk rather than end the relationship?
That makes sense but it is not what I want to hear. After all we have been through together, we were even talking about getting our own place together and now all that will be for nothing!
Yes that's right. I know getting angry doesn't help but I want things to go back to the way they were.
Yes that's right but that's what couples do isn't it?
I still think there is someone else that has come between us.
No I haven't, it is just a feeling.
So do you think I should try and talk to her and ask her outright if she has met someone else?
I think I do need to calm down a bit and maybe talking to her would be the best way to start. I don;t know what I'd do though if she ended it.
Ok well maybe if I show her that I can stay calm and strong then she will stay with me?
I suppose I could go into it and listen as you have said, there could be other reasons like the new job or maybe morning in that is causing some of it. I'll try and keep calm but it is hard when emotions run high.
That is actually pretty good advice. I hope we stay together and there is nobody else though.
Hey thanks for the words of wisdom. Not sure I'll like the chat but I'll try and stay calm.
once i feel very happy when he was with me.
yeah but right now i would be recovering myself
yeah he is in Canada right now.
yeah its been really hard for me before.But right now i am with my family.so i just recover from that.
yeah i realize that too
no i think thats make me again hurt
no we dont have any issues between us.Its a situation that he decide to left me.
yeah but i had a good family right now.i don't want to hurt them either.
YEAH REALLY THANKS FOR YOUR SUGGESTIONS.I REALLY WORK ON IT.
Really thanks for that.you done a great job.If i need any help means surely i'll revert you back.
Sure you to have a great day.
May be you should submit the test.
i too don't have an option like that.
yeah but its not been only finish,its been finish and quit button.i don't want quit here.
if i quit what happen then
okay ill trust on you.
I'm having alot of anxiety
I got sober 2.5 years ago and my mentor became my very best friend along the way and now have fallen in love...i am married and so is she, she has no idea how i feel and i have no one i can talk to
I feel guilty about it
I have a wife and we have been together for 18 years, married for 5. I did alot of damage to our relationship when I was drinking and i'm not sure it will ever be the same
about having feelings for another woman? NO...we have tried some marriage counseling apps things get better then go back.
I have changed a great deal in the past 2.5 years even though it's been for the better it's difficult for my wife to reconcile the old and new
I never intended to have these feelings for my friend...it just developed over time. I would never tell her though and ruin our friendship.
we have a very unique, strong loving, friendship that is completely platonic. she is happily married and has a strong faith, would never cheat.
I don't want to cheat either let me clarify that because i never want to ruin our friendship...but I do need to deal with these feelings
I have actually mentioned before that I think about distancing myself at times because i have never had such an influential friendship and she tells me she needs me as much as i need her and that she waited her whole life to find a friend like me...
I don't journal anymore but I do write alot of poetry to work through things
I believe you are right about that! thanks for the advice and the chat
been better how are you?
That's good. yes about my daughter. I typed it all in already.
My daughter is 16 and got out of hand for a little while. I grounded her. And since that time, she has decided to move in with her dad. which is fine. But I've only gotten to see her once in 3 months. She don't want to see me.
you there?
That's good.
By law though I don't think that my ex husband can keep her from me? I feel like I have a right to see my child. I have 4 kids altogether. My other 2 daughters are older and have already moved out and my son is still at home. I've dealt with teenagers and it's not easy but this is too extreme.
I asked about the holidays and she said she didn't know. It's gonna be hard not having her here.
She did but not so great anymore. I sure hope so.
It's been hard on everybody. especially her little brother.
I'm gonna keep praying. Thank you. You made me feel better.
very true. been a tough year.
you've been very helpful. thank you.
you have a good day.
bye
Hello ,y day was good though stressed
i have been auctioned
my properties have been auctioned by the bank
Yes you are correct the problems with the bank how do i solve not to sink into depression
the banks are driving me into depression
am struggling to make ends meet
thank you yes i think that will do me better
thank you i feel energized now
will speak to a close friend and a family member
do onlo ne help
do online help
Hello
Not so well, but thanks for asking.
How are you doing?
Well. I can of feel depressed because I haven't been able to return the happiness that my parents gave to me.
One of my dreams is to give them everything they gave me as a child but I can reach there
Right now is hard for me to keep a job and the economy its crazy
Exactly
Yes i am. This is one of those days that I think about it and make me up set
It is because it makes you feel bad and you start being negative
I do, Im trying to keep my head up and think positively. I know some day God will give me that little push I need to give my family the happiness they deserve
I talk to them sometimes about this they cheer me up and they know that I would give them everything if I could.
To be honest I haven't try it. I thought about it but I haven't try. But I should keep that in mind
Well, Im going to do it as soon as I can.
Thanks for texting me and giving me all those advise. It really helped
Me too. I hope you have a Merry Christmas and God bless you
Bye
hey!
I'm mad! like mad mad!
My work is driving me nuts.
I just found out my boss cut my pay and my bonus to secure his own bonus
I overheard a private phone call with his wife. He said that despite the tough year the company is having, he's expecting to get a large bonus because he cut costs so drastically.
I also heard him discuss it with the director of sales. They were strategizing how to shift the costs around to cover the tracks. I heard the words "good thing we have the power, if others knew we were getting our full bonuses they'd walk out"
no
yeah, tell me about it. I'm pretty bummed. I'm slowly planning my exit strategy. I can't work there anymore.
Yeah, I've been applying around a bit.
I know... This pandemic is frustrating. I wish I could just walk out but realistically It'd be pretty irresponsible to quit during a global pandemic and not have insurance.
yeah thanks. I'm still so mad but maybe I can redirect my energy into finding an new job
thanks I get it. I think I just need to put my head down and grind through it.
My friends won't even call me half the time even though I am always reaching out to them and trying to get together. \
Not only that, they don't seem to ever call me. I am the one doing all the efforts.
I haven't really tried to bring it up, but maybe I should.
That makes sense.
Yes, that seems to be a good idea.
I see your point. Maybe I should be asking if my friend needs anything instead of expecting so much from them. I will have to talk to them to find out what is going on.
You make a good point.
I just would like to get some answers if I am the one to blame. I feel guilty sometimes that I should have done something differently.
I'm really trying but maybe again just having a hard conversation may help to improve things.
I see what you mean. That looks like it helps to talk through things.
No thanks. I am feeling more confident in handling the situation. Thanks!
This has been very helpful.
Hi there
i am worried about my job as my company is restructuring atm
really worried and anxious
like i dont want to get up in the morning
everyone is fighting and trying to get the good jobs
i guess i just want reassurance that i will have a job still after christmas
i am worried as i have a family and money is tight
i guess i could look for another job
or maybe learn a new skill
i really like my current job tho
i like the people who i work for
and work with
i guess so but there are not may other companies where i lkive
live
such as?
i cant see much positive as i like the job and the company and dont want to leave
hi
i'm nereida
i am in disputed mod with my friends
I explained my personal problems but they are not giving proper response
They need more money from me, but i couldn't give that much amount
I want to speak with them because they are in good nature
Yes, i want to do some moderate friendship with them
I want to do some help to them but i don't do expect more from them
Yes, some disappointments show us about real face of friends, so it was an experience to me.
Sure, it is my new way of relationship to me with others
Great, thank you friend
I fine now. The event happened 6 1/2 years ago.
I had the job for 14 months and I drank a lot before bed which was usually about 1 am. The job was second shift. The drinking affected my REM sleep and I was often tired the next day.
I had a sleep study done soon after and was diagnosed with Sleep Apnea which was the main reason I would fall asleep at work.
I have been using a CPAP for 6 years and have dramatically reduced my drinking. It is amazing how refreshed I am all day now compared with any day during that time even the days I didn't drink because there were overall health effects that stayed with me.
Yes I'm more enthusiastic about my life and family relations are better and I have built trust back up.
Fairly well; we talked to my brother who lives 1200 miles away and didn't come up due to COVID-19. I am making plans with a few friends to se an award-winning light display. We unwrapped gifts last night (me and my parents)
I am working close to fulltime now and my social life is more rewarding.
I go to a Chirtian 12-step.
The folks there remember me by name even though about 60 perons go regularly. Thanks for chTTING. iT HELP TO BE IN TOUCH EVEN BY THE INTERNET WITHOUT SEEING A FACE.
No nothing in particular. Thank you.
Hey there
How are you?
I am ok, I'm having a hard time dealing with the pandemic though.
I am having a hard time being motivated to do anything.
Do you have any suggestions that might help me feel better?
What do you like to do for yourself when you feel bad?
It started with the pandemic.
I think it is because we have to stay home to be safe but other people don't listen and more people are dying because of it
What do you love doing most?
I like to read
I like that suggestion, thank you
I should try soccer, that sounds like fun
I do. I like many books
That is a good idea too, I will use my phone to read too
I'm so worried about breaking up with my boyfriend that I find myself shaking at night.
I just miss the physical comfort and support.
Yes, I feel so lonely
Yes, I guess I could try to turn things around to a positive focus on what I do have.
How do I stop the shaking at night? Do you have suggestions?
Maybe I could think of things in my life like my new nephew to cheer me up! He is so cute and makes me smile.
I wish I were home and not in college though but I guess I am growing up and will learn from this to make me stronger.
I need to remember that college is only temporary and I will have their support in the future again in person. It's just so hard.
Thanks for the positive words. I think I'll be sleeping better at night thinking of these words of encouragement.
Thank you for helping me feel somewhat better.
I feel like I'm good. Thanks for your time.
Im upset
I lost my job and I cant find my dream job.
Thats true. How can I find my dream job?
I broke up with my partner because of it.
Ive tried a new job but it didnt work. Should I do jobs that are similar to my dream job?
Thank you, whats the best way to build experience?
Okay, how would I get a job if I dont have experience I. That field?
I understand, work can be hard to find with the pandemic. I was laid off because of it.
I thought about that too but but, right now I dont have that much money to go to school. Also idk what is my niche.
Can you get a gov loan if you are outside of the country? Like Mexico for example?
I am OK but I have been struggling since my friend's are Trump supporters and that goes against my Morals.
Yes. They refuse to change.
How did you deal with it?
Yeah I have cut out some friends already. Maybe I should try talking to the more reasonable ones.
Thank you for the support. It will help me.
Maybe. Paul is usually hard to get a hold of so it might take a couple of weeks.
Yeah, Paul is aloof like that. But realistically maybe in the next few weeks I can have a good conversation with him.
That's a great idea. It could make things less tense.
Paul really likes IPA's so a brewery would probably be a good spot.
Thank you for the help today. I think I have a good plan on how to handle this now with Paul.
You too.
Thank you again.
I'm doing well right now
I just took my last exam and I feel that I will fail and have to retake it
true!
No, this was the first time I really did not study for this exam
Because I had 5 class this semester
Yea it was a lot of classes. I tried to attend the lectures, but I was falling behind
Unfortunately I cannot since he does not teach during the winter semester
I took it last week, he will not release until the end of this week. I will await my remediation papers
Yea we had a big cheating group since it wasn't on examsoft but we all struggled hard
Nah it's a professional class. No curves since our class size is only 25 people
Yea do you want to finish and quit this hit?
Great talking with you. See you later :)
Damn, they want us to chat for 15 minutes. How are you? You stressed out?
I'm majoring in biology. It is very tough I'll tell you that
This semester I took 19 credits. That was a mistake
Thanks! What are you majoring in now?
Wow, good luck to your son! I daytrade a bit myself too
Hey, we defintely passed 15 minutes. It was great talking to a fellow MTurker.
hello
having a rough day.
i feel like my life is an unscheduled mess. nothing ever happens when its supposed to
i plan things and it always falls through and doesnt happen
yes
my partners schedule changes about 3 times a day. so i never know if what i had planned will happen or not. usually not.
i stay home all the time and even our plans for doing things at home fall through. he will promise to do something simple and months later its still not done
its supposed to be a set schedule but something always come up and he ends up working anywhere from 10 to 12 hours
its more of the reasons why he has to work late that bother me
the people he works with either screw up a machine or flake out not even working an 8 hour shift. yet my other half is always the one to stay
i mean i admire his work ethic but why does it always have to fall on him to be the one to stay
we have talked about it often
it makes my anxiety go crazy
we talk often and i have actually broken down several times and cried. funny thing is im not mad about the situation itself. i just feel robbed sometimes
it would be different if i didnt care or it made me mad. it just make me feel alone
we have tried that and he still got stuck working.
we do make the most of our 2 to 3 hours together at night. otherwise i would completely break down
he feels the same way about our time
we had a lot of talks about this issue
that sound like a great idea
thank you for your help
Hello
I have been having problems with my friends.
They will not hangout with me because I will not get the vaccine. I do wear my mask and social distance but they still will not hangout.
We use to hangout all the time go to movies eat at each others houses. But snice I didn't get the vaccine yet they don't invite me anymore. I see on Facebook where they are meeting and having dinner.
Yes I'm just afraid of the long term effects from it. We have nothing to go on and what if it causes cancer or something else. My friends think that is none sense and I just need to man up.
That's not a bad idea. I need to show them that because they all are prolife
Thank you. I was starting to worry I was the only one thinking like this.
O wow that's crazy. I will need to show them that for sure. I need to ask them if they had any problems from it.
That is a really good idea. I think that may work.
I am going to try that today forsure.
I hope it helps them see where I am coming from.
Yes hopefully that will help them see where I come from. Then maybe they will let me hangout with masks
They are ok with my choice.
Yes they are really supportive and we have zoom calls each Friday night.
That is great it really does help bring people together .
I feel the same way. Thank you so much,
Have a great day.
Yes, in my adolescense I suffered from bullying. I consider
great impact in my life
yes
It happened in my teens, but it still impacts me
They were very harsh, with me.. just like my parents
Thats how it is... what do you think i should do to overcome it?
What did they tell you?
I think we suffer the same
I have never written my feelings
Good, thanks
i would like to, i like to vent
Are you a Psychologist?
Thanks you, for listening
hello
hello?
how are you i guess you read my situation
I have been out of work . my father passed last year we have to move to a smaller home and I am my mother care giver
yes it has been at least when he was alive we had his income it was stressfull but we had the money to keep up with things
yes and with Covid its been even harder
yes for all , so we are moving but thats been a pain also getting approved for a mortgage packing up and still caring for my mother
yes I cant sleep and when I do I wake up in a panic middle of the night
yes but it all seems to hit me at once
in hoping the move helps but it will be a big change much smaller hone
home
yes but she isnt that sick yet where they would pay and both of us being high risk looking for work has been hard
i will have to look in to it more once the move is complete
i hope so its been a hard last couple of years with money parents health stress but i no im not the only one
yes I know I need to get passed my embarrassment
thank you I feel this just getting it all out has helped some
yes thank you for your insight
Hello
I've just really been experiencing a very tough time lately.
Well, it started with a break up. My boyfriend and I dated for 7 years and suddenly out of nowhere, he dumps me over text. I keep blaming myself and my body for this.
I have thought about it, but I don't know where to start.
I have been thinking about working out more, but I feel like I don't know where to start when I go to the gym.
I do have a cousin who likes to work out. That's a great idea. I should ask her. I've been pretty lonely, so it might be good to get out and meet people. Maybe a class would help me meet people too!
Maybe yoga? Or perhaps a hit class? I will look online right away! I am very excited for this. I feel a bit better and I really appreciate your help.
That is such a good idea. I often feel nervous going into a situation I'm not familiar and I feel like everyone will judge me.
Hi there, could you please give me some advice?
I feel that I am blowing my future because I am just not scoring well on tests these days. I just don't feel motivated to work as hard as I know that I should.
Yes. I know that the two things are probably related but I just do not know what to do about them.
I am studying microbiology. I do not know that I have the passion for it that I once did though.
I have always found it fascinating and have an uncle who is a microbiologist. But these days I feel I made the wrong decision. Is it too late to change?
Yes that does sound like good advice. I do not want to turn by back on my studies of the past years. But my grades are really poor and I am not sure what to do about that.
To be honest I have been a little afraid to approach them about the subject because they might accuse me of just slacking. I know it might look like that from the outside.
I do feel that part of my problem is that I am afraid to really open up about it. You are the first person I have really felt able to talk to.
Yes, it is really much more easy to write my problems down than to actually talk to people about them face to face.
Yes, that is a fantastic idea! Maybe I can find a renewed interest in the subject. I hope that I can because I really do not want my time studying to have been wasted.
Yes I really would. I already feel more motivated! Half an hour ago I felt that I had no place left to go and felt defeated.
I have not really tried it but I ought to. I often feel that I am just overwhelmed. Then I know that I got something wrong for definite and I just want to give up.
I have already started making a mental list and feel much more optimistic. Thank you very much for your conversation and your help, it has been very valuable to me!
No thank you, you have been most helpful! Have a lovely day!
Hello
Could be better or worse, how are you?
I have been getting migraines lately which is not fun.
I actually just talked to my doctor today, I am going to track my triggers and see if we can figure out why I am getting them. Also some meds for the symptoms.
It could be but they seem to happen more on weekends so that doesn't really make sense.
No I am in pretty good health, a bit of sciatica from a few years back but that only flares up occasionally.
Thanks I knoq its pretty hard to fix medical issues with a conversation, I am also a little depressed if that helps:)
No this is a very old friend
Honestly I have a pretty good handle on it, I have done a lot of therapy and I am quite open with people about it.
Yes I need to start keeping track of what triggers me, Caffeine is definitely off the menu because that sets it off for me
Thanks for your help, Have a wonderful day!
Im ok - tired. Yourself.
Yes - definitely. I am not sure how to proceed or what to do in my situation. I am exhausted, mentally and physically.
Perhaps - i dont know the solution. the problem is I cannot continue to work these hours - it is just not sustainable.
like generally, or currently in these situations? usually its around 9-5 (give or take). These days its 9 - 7 or 11pm or later.
right, and that is the issue of where I am at.
yeah - something like that. and lunches are at the desk - as i am working from home - so its pretty much no breaks either.
hah - i dunno. im on a team of 2 people - and i guess if i dont do it, the other person has to. or it just doesnt get done, and i dont know what happens?? nothing? LOL.
agreed - i dont think they would fire me, maybe get reprimanded or more likely a guilt trip as to why I cant do it. Im just not sure what kind of boundaries I set when we have things due, and just literally no time.
Well, I have to set boundaries, because working till 11pm most nights is not sustainable. and who on earth is going to view, let alone sign a contract at 12am
yeah - ill come up with reasonable boundaries till 5:30 is reasonable, and if its a do or die situation cap it at 7:30 --- and thats only for dire situations. if that doesnt work, well then i guess either i dont have a job, or people figure out how to work in regular hours.
hah i used to go out like a young kid, but still - just because most of us are working from home 24/7, doesnt mean I actually can work 24/7. even fi i were young, hell no. they dont pay me enough.
thanks i really appreciate it. it sounds reasonable, and its what a coworker told me. if i dont set boundaries, i will crack.
yeah, i think a call to not just my boss is in order, but also HR to advise them of the situation. they need to start telling managers, we are NOT front of the line workers, nor police, fire, etc. our jobs are not THAT important.
plus netflix, hulu, amazon keep releasing new shows. if i need a reason, it can simply be to watch tv and detox (so to speak) and get away from the BS of work (obv stating it more nicely than that).
agreed 100% --- ive already hit those points, and it is not good for anyone let alone my job.
completely agreed! and thanks for listening :)
its what i needed to hear from someone who is more anonymous (so to speak). who doesnt have a first hand attachment to me, so its a great assessment.
:-) firm and direct is the best approach. esp for my boss. she will appreciate that and then i will stick to what i say!
cheers! take care and have a great day. if you dont do this in your day job, you should consider it. or at least i get the feeling youre there for others
Hello
good and you?
My spouse wants me to allow him to have a cheat day during Christmas
Basically he wants to sleep with someone else for a change
yes he wants me to know so that he doesn't feel guilty about it
Exactly.... he said I can do it behind your back without you ever knowing but I would rather be honest with you
I told him I don't want that to happen but he offered whatever I wanted no matter the price and all I could think was I just want him to be faithful
He told me not to take it personally because it is just lust and that he loves me only
Actually, today is our 4th year anniversary
Yes I guess he just wants a change
No but I am thinking about i
it*
I will definitely look into it. You are a great listener and I feel better now that I spoke to someone about this issue
thank you
hi
I'm ok doing best I can with all that's going on
well last year my father passed he was sick for a while
now that we lost his income and Im out of work we need to move to a much smaller home
thats also been an issue we sold our house an found one but our buyer has been asking for more and more concessions and we are under the wire I dont want to lose the house we are buying because our buyer is asking for more and more
yes and well she has been useless to us, so we are hoping to close in couple days im on pins and needles so mush stress now also packing and caring for my mother
I was hoping to avoid having to move but since im out of work and covid it has to happen
thanks I have not been sleeping feeling so beaten down
I hope so this last year has been a nightmare my father was so sick for so long and now with covid im so scared I or my Mom will get it
yes but with moving we have had people in our home and will have movers hoping they have been safe
yes thats true I hope I have been grinding my teeth at night I just cant wait for this all to be done
CSR but with covid its been hard also I have to be around for my mom
honest im scared to be in any public setting
yes sorry it does I also have some banking under my belt but have been out of work for couple years because I was caring for my father
he needed 24/7 my moms not as bad but needs help
yes I know if I could find something where I could work from home thats would help but sometimes I just feel like giving up and going back to bed
thank you I hope so it helps to just talk about it
I have been looking but till after the move things have been all out of wack
yes I have o some of those thanks I will just have to cross my fingers
thanks and thanks for listening it has helped
I am having a really hard time in my life right now and need support.
I have been in a long term relationship and I found out that he was cheating on me. I have been so distraught and I broke up with him.
Yes, feel sad and I cry or want to cry all the time. I feel like I should not have broken it off with him but I also can not be with someone that I do not trust. He has always been so good to me and so I was totally blind sided.
I did not think of it like that. I did not know that I had anything to be proud of but I can sort of see what you mean. I wanted to get married to him but he never asked and we have been together for 5 years.
That is a good point because I have no been able to think about the future at all. I am thinking about what I could have had with him like children. I have wasted so much time and I really want kids.
I also know that he never wanted kids so I have learned a lot about myself and what I want in life. I can think of myself and what my standards are. I have to be respected by the man i am with. I also need to feel appreciated and valued by the person that I am committed to.
You are really making me consider the bigger picture today.
Yes, I love boating and have not been able to go enough because I was always wrapped up in drama with him. I also love painting and drawing. I have not thought of those hobbies in many years until right now.
Thank you for all of your help today and nice encouraging words.
Yes, that sounds like a positive way to enjoy my time.
I will take your ideas and apply them to my life.
Thank you and hope to talk again very soon.
How could my partner say he loves me, go out with me for one year and then cheat.
Yes, but he barely calls me back. I'm worried that he all of a sudden is so distant.
I would ideally like him to say he was sorry and never look at another woman but now I doubt his faithfulness and think the only reason I'm with him is because I'm so lonely.
I do worry a lot. If he would commit fully to me that would help perhaps. If he never cheated again but I don't know if he can do that reliably.
I think marriage, but then again if he cheats then what commitment is that really if it ends in divorce?
That's a good point you make. I was lonely and wanting to fill that void. But, I do want a family. I'm just not sure he is that committed or even mature enough to handle this responsibility. Perhaps I'm naive.
Thanks for the encouragment.
Maybe that would be a good plan as I am close with my family. Thanks!
Thanks that might be another suggestion to consider.
When will this COVID ever end? It's even hard to find new partners
That may just work. That's not much pressure either.
I feel so pressured.
I have to get straight A's to get into graduate school. I'm worried I will fail.
I tried studying a lot
That sounds like it could help. Maybe I could even try yoga.
Do you have any other suggestions for those busy days when I am non-stop?
Maybe I can get my friends to go for an early morning walk before I start the pressures of the day. That might work to help me stay calmer.
Do you have any other suggestions on what could maybe make up for one or two "B" grades? It's hard to be perfect, but these programs are demanding.
Thank you. That has helped in the past, so I think perhaps they could give me some guidance as well.
Thanks for the encouragement! You are a good counselor too.
I think that is all that I have. I feel a bunch better.
You too
Hello, how are you this evening?
I've been better. The holidays aren't helping me feel better about not bringing much money home to help pay for things.
I've thought about selling stuff online, but the cost of selling things online isn't really worth it. I've been trying to use facebook marketplace, but I never have anyone who's interested.
I've heard of QVC, but I've never heard of QVC liquidations. That might be something for me to consider. Can you give me more details about it?
I see. Is this something that you've done to make money?
If you don't mind me asking how much have you made using QVC liquidations?
Wow, what sorts of things have you sold?
Okay, thanks for the suggestions.
I worked with someone whose boyfriend did that. I've never thought about doing that.
I might have to consider doing that so I can feel more helpful to my husband.
I don't shop at Walmart very much so thank you for that information.
That is very interesting. I wouldn't think you could make that much from small surfboards.
I wouldn't think that anyone would want a short surfboard, but I guess I don't know anything about surfing.
I suppose you are right.
Well thanks for the helpful suggestions to make more money.
I appreciate your help.
Have a good night!
hai
oh! tell about
i am much sad last 2 days
because of my partner brakeup issue
reason for i have more boy friends in my carrier
but i am good
my partner not believe me
yes your good.
i am only women in my office
yes your corret i am equal rights as men
and then thanks for support my feeling
yes. but somewhat difficult in a days
but i believe after some days that issue will sloved
my partner fight with me
for some more mens coworker
something. but i love my partner
Bad. Almost had a good day and then got treated bad in the end so I don't know why I try.
That is correct.
My husband mainly. He just doesn't want me to enjoy life I guess.
Yeah, just become part of life I guess. Doesn't make it any better.
I have tried many times. It always ends up my fault in the end so I don't bother anymore and just take it.
Thank you. It gets trying at times. Tonight, I just sit in the dark alone because it isn't worth the hassle.
That is for sure. Most of the time it is just the way life is but there are days I get fed up and it irritates me. It has been this way for a while.
I won't divorce...even if I am miserable, that isn't an option.
I have gotten used to it. It is the way I am supposed to live my life I guess.
He knows I am miserable. He knows I am upset. He is the living room watching tv and I am in the bedroom. It doesn't bother him that I am upset. It is getting late where I am and I should probably go to bed soon.
Thank you, good night.
Not too well, I am feeling very sad this holiday season.
My girlfriend left me for my best friend, now I have no one in my life.
We were together for 7 years. I have no family. My friend and girlfriend were my only family, we were like the Gatsbys.
My co-workers don't know about my personal life, I don't go to church. Maybe I should go see a therapist?
I do not have insurance, I am between jobs and have nothing currently. The holidays are an especially lonely time.
I would treat my girlfriend better I think. She was pushing for a threesome with my best friend, but I told her no way. That is why she left me.
I agree. She made me watch them have sex once, it was sick.
Can a therapist help me with that?
Are you still there sir?
So what should i do?
I think I need to have the threesome with them. She would like to get spitroasted, then I can get her back.
Yes, I think I need some help. Maybe I have Stockholm Syndrome.
I am having a hard time with the realization that my once strong friendships are no longer as strong. I feel disconnected with them. The limitations the pandemic has set for all of us have been great. I am unsure if I will ever regain those friendships
Yes, I have tried to message them daily, but the responses have always been clipped and or the response comes after couple days. I do feel other friendships have formed within each community, feeling a bit left out. I feel silly, like a teenage girl, who wants to be included. Just want to feel as though I am still part of their lives.
I was thinking the same thing, but I am unsure I feel awkward now, I feel like I do not them as I thought I did. I am unsure why I feel this way. one of them is my daughters god mother and the text are there but they are not like they use.. I am unsure if I should ask why she has time for others and not us... just saying it makes me feel weird
anyone there?
I agree with you, just seems really strange since we were inseparable before the pandemic. I am also aware many are going through this situation just thought my friendships were stronger and distant would not be an issue.
I will, never did I think I would hesitate whats going on..
Yes, I have. The conversation have been superficial, like small talk. There is nothing to share, I am guessing. My daughter has had lots of dance functions despite the pandemic and yet I have not felt supported. Perhaps shes not okay with venturing out during the pandemic.. though I do see on social media shes meeting other friends in social settings.
Perhaps I need to be more open and not be so distant? Maybe its me and I am not seeing it?
we are both 35 and we met in pre K. we are lifetime friends. shes a sister to me. At some point our parents use to live in the same apartment complex, our parents are great friends as well.
I was there for her babies birth, when she found out what she was having. We have shared grand moments together.
Yes, shes the serious one and I am the loud and carefree one. So having our roles a bit reverse has me a bit, weirded out. I am an only child, and perhaps that makes me feel extremely unconfident. I am sure if asked, she would respond I am just being needy. eh, I will ask, since the pandemic ive only seen her once.
You are right! thank you for the reinsurance. I hate that I am this way.
you have helped me so much today, thank you for helping see things differently.
AWESOME! then you know the overwhelming need (sometimes) of being included.
I think I have a plan, lunch and talk to her about how I am feeling, shes always been so understanding, I miss her babies so much.
Yes, I do , thank you! have a wonderful weekend.
I don't even know, because I am not happy
Anxiety about losing my job
I can't think of that of now, because last three month a go pay cut and nest month payoff
Yeah and the company is planning layoff for some of the staffs
They sent circular to all staffs
No I think I will just do that now may be it will help
Yeah thanks
I believe it work if I try.
I am thinking about uber
I can't think of any now thanks for being there for me
Bye for now
Thanks it time to go
Very helpful thanks and bye
Hello
Hi. It has been better.
I can't seem to get motivated.
I don't feel like it is worth it.
What kind of tools would you suggest?
I can talk to my friends sometimes.
I have big goals but can't seem to get little things right.
Wow that's amazing. I want to start my own business but I have no money to start with.
That is a great suggestion
What else do you know?
THank you for the encouragement by the way
Is anyone there??
Ok. Are you able to read the description of my problem or should I paste it again?
Sure
my boyfriend broke up with me but won't tell me why
I think I posted something on fb that made him jealous. But if that is so he is being irrational.
he won't answer my calls or messages. He keeps posting things that make it seem like I hurt him so much.
Thanks! :)
I've send him so many messages. He reads them but won't respond. I did ask his best friend to help me but my ex pretended like nothing was wrong when his friend asked him.
Yes, I guess that is all I can do for now. Since he won't answer and it's putting pressure on us both. However, the anxiety of this is killing me.I can't eat or sleep. I don't know how to handle it for myself. But yes you are right, the one thing I need to do is leave him be for a bit.
Thank you I have been trying to do that. Though I don't want to bother my friends too much. I've been keeping myself busy though. Most important is to stay away from my phone. haha.
Well it is not helping much. But I guess it will get better over time. I suppose the second I start to feel better, he'll call. haha. It always works that way, right?
Thank you very much. I really hope so! :)
Thanks again! You did make me feel better and i think we are allowed to proceed now :)
I am having a deep sense of sadness after the break up with my boyfriend.
I feel like crying all the time and I feel like the sadness will never end.
I have sense of overwhelming sadness as if my heart is sinking or like I am on a sinking ship. I wake up in the middle of the night and I am gasping for air, too.
Yes, I feel like I will never meet anyone else and that I wasted so much time.
Do you feel like the best part of your life was over? That is how I feel now. Its seem like all of my plans for the future are over and ruined.
I have a best friend but she told me that she didn't like my boyfriend from the beginning so she is glad that we broke up. Well, that I got dumped.
I have been wanting to buy a bike and start taking my dog out for little bike rides. I want to get one with a basket and have her sit in the front. I just hate being alone and I feel so sad about doing everything alone now.
I just bought my puppy and she is super comforting. I think that because she was a recuse dog I feel a greater attachment. It is kind of nice having her.
I know about a local dog park and think I will visit it today. That is a really good idea. I don't need a bike for that.
You are giving me something to think about that isn't related to the break up. I feel like a weight is sort of lifting off of me. I think I needed to talk and get some of my feelings on the table today.
Yes, I really want to get one but since I don't have a lot of money right now I will waitr on that and go to the dog park instead. I also heard about yoga iin the park.
I am feeling like life still goes on and things are going on all around me. I am going to start seeing whats out there and trying to join in a little bit more. My dog is opening a door for me and with your encouragement too.
I was thinking about reading self help books or journaling but I was so down on myself.
Thank you for all of your support and understanding today. I am going to journal and then head to the dog park and get some fresh air.
Thank you again for being a wonderful listener and better friend than my best one.
Just found out my position will be eliminated in January. Freaking out! 1
Yes. Apparently the company just can't continue to operate and pay all of us. So my position will be gone. They said they may be able to hire me back after all the Covid stuff, but couldn't guarantee it 2
It is hard emotionally - as well as financially. I tried calling the unemployment office to find out what help they may have but no one answered me. 3
I will have to look at that. I've not been in the job market for 25 years. I thought they may be able to provide some assistance in just where do I begin. 4
I'm a teacher at a private school. 4
Well not as young as I once was - in my 40s. 5
I'm concerned because now is just not the normal time they hire new teachers on. Plus a lot of the school systems around me are all virtual right now, so I'm concerned about that 6
We've used Zoom for some of our kids at my current school but it's usually one on one, not an entire classroom 7
Yes I need to investigate those. I got my current job right out of college and I've been there 25 years! I'm so nervous about teaching somewhere else. 8
Most definitely. Not to mention the children that depend on me, many of the children that I work with have special needs and changing their teachers can be traumatic. So I'm worried about them as well. 9
I hope that is the case this time around for me. Ugh, I've got to do a new resume too!! EEK! 10
I hope so - thank you.
Hi, how are you?
I'm so mad at my boyfriend for not taking any responsibility. I'm about to break up with him.
We've been dating 4 years, meeting in high school. Now we're graduated and I've gone to college. He doesn't have a job yet after 1 year.
I've been away at college and just came home on break so I'm not sure. He tells me he is looking but I don't know how it's taking a year to get a job.
He got average grades in school but didn't really miss days from school.
That's probably correct. He hasn't been in contact with me as much since I left for school. I just expected more.
That's so sad since we have so many years together, but I feel like I'm moving forward and he is staying in place.
That's true, it can maybe just be a stepping stone to build other relationships. Thanks for the wisdom.
That's great you have maintained positive relationships and were also able to move forward. Thanks for the advice. I appreciate it.
I'm going to spend some time thinking about it some more but won't regret if my choice is to move on.
Hello?
I just need someone to listen to me. How are you?
I feel really sad right now, I missed my family haven't seen them for 3 years now. I planned to see them this year but then this pandemic happens.
Yes that's right.
I'm in the other side of the world. That is like more than 8000miles away.
I really hope so. Thank you. Merry Christmas.
Yes I always do, plus it always reminds why I needed to be away from them. I am working hard to support my family. I envy families who are together during holidays.
I hope you were able to see them.
I am planning to bring them to nice places my parents never experiences traveling to nice places. They are getting old and want the best for my parents and siblings.
I hope too, Thank you for listening. Have a great day! I really appreciate it.
Yes I will. Thank you so much.
hey, i'm having a rough time. i'm really depressed about the never ending covid situation
i am just feeling like there's no good news, i'm constantly onthe verge of tears
yes, it's all doom and gloom there no good news nothing to look forward to
it has been a long year and i fear it will be a dark, deadly winter
that woudl help, but i have been discouraged by the number of people who aren't following the science
why aren't they wearing masks?
yes. things are bad and those peole are making it worse by not following the rules or advice
we are currently quarantined because my son was exposed to a coworker who tested positive. we should know in a couple of day if he's positiv or not
the number of unkowns with this virus is stressful and makes it even more baffling that people wont follow what we do know
we are well stocked, i did that over the summer, thanksfor asking
really the part that' sthe most upsetting right this very minute is that we are having to wait for the test results before my husband can come home
he works out of state
Hello every since I lost my job I have felt sad and useless
Application after application I get rejected, it makes it hard to even fill out more
It feels good someone else knows how frustrating and what a cycle it creates but I am also sorry that you do know how it is also.
Thank you for that, it seems most of the jobs I am applying for I am over qualified for which doesn't make sense to me and makes me think it is something personal about me.
Hopefully I find an employer that sees a quality workforce over other things, its getting pretty discouraging
I seem to be getting blocked at application level for employment, it seems my skills are mostly being put out to contract work now, which is not something I am familiar with.
Wow I have never thought about that! That sounds awesome and like it would be great help, also trying something new would feel nice instead of filing the same stuff into applications!
My spirits are going up just having this conversation and looking forward to the community outreach. Hopefully it helps lift this gloom that has been over me for months. I loved my previous job but due to bad management it was taking a toll on everyone employed.
I think that is truly when I started feeling down, productivity was high but it mattered not to those in charge it was never enough.
Thank you so much for talking, I feel so much better already and this was great adivce.
I'm sorry you had to experience something similar by the sounds of it you are no longer in that situation, so that gives me hope for myself!
Not good,and you?
Because I am sad,and devastated about my break up
well,it doesn't feel that way. I am so depressed and emotional...Life is falling apart. I was engaged for 2 years,and together almost 3.
Yes,that can be true. But at the moment nothing feels good,or positive...even trying to focus on other things,taking me time,nothing helps..i try to understand why it happened...and i wished I could turn my love for him off...i would be in a much better place now.
Thank you for your emotional support...I hope in time I will get better.
Thank you!!! I hope you have a good day.
Thank you
Was this 10 messages?
Can we leave now?
Okay,I will leave now....Have a great day!! and thank you again for the moral support and advice.
i am feeling good
i reminisced about old times and this particular memory of a friend popped up and i felt the rush of emotions i felt then
yeah, but i just get sucked in my emotions at that moment and it feels as if i am being transported back in time to that moment
the emotions are bad
yes
yes, i have further discovered new things that i am devoted to and that has helped keep me going
i am so sorry about your loss. moving forward from that time was really hard for me, i fell into depression which was so deep that i almost committed suicide. i was so lonely, because she was the only person so close to me and she knew all of my imperfections and secrets, and i considered her my sister but yet she did something that terrible to me.
well, i am a bit nervous about making friends in real life. i have got more friends online than in real life.
i have tried to erase the bad memories and leave only the good ones, that way i feel less cornered
i am so bad at starting conversations, i feel that i might say the wrong thing
thanks for the support, i feel more motivated to keep going
thanks so much
Hey, how are you?
I'm doing alright, trying to keep in the holiday spirits. Feeling a bit down, due to my work situation
More financial situation, I was informed that my hours are reduce and will not get an extenison on my job contract
Yeah my company isn't doing to well at the moment and they are trying their best to keep everyone but they had to make massive cuts/
That is my biggest concern at the moment, I cut all of my expenses. I didn;t ask my family but they cut a few things out as well. But I feel that I'm not providing for them.
I would, I'm doing odd jobs here and there but no one is really hiring where I live.
I will try and good into that, I do feel a bit better. I wish I could do more like I used too
I hope so, I do feel better and optimistic. I do understand a lot of people are going through what I'm going through.
I just forget that everyone is going through tough times, I was feeling down and being hard to myself the past week. But need to realize we are in bad times currently.
Haha I wish, I do have something in mind. Maybe might buy my favorite cigar and whiskey and enjoy myself this weekend.
Yeah, I should plan a little me time from time to time and destress from everything.
Thanks for helping, I'm glad we chatted
Hello
Kind of angry and disappointed.
My friend created a group chat for planning activities and did not include me. She included people who are closer to me than to her. Almost like she is trying to steal my friends.
In a way. I was disappointed by the rest of them but mostly angry at her. It almost feels like she wants to be the leader of the group and feels like I am her competition.
Exactly. They are supposed to be the people I can go to with my problems. Now I feel like they all had a secret which I wasn't privy to and it made me feel disconnected and untrusting towards them.
I am a bit of an idealist. I like for everyone to be in harmony, to be nice, supportive, caring, open and honest. I don't know how to move on from this.
I talked about it with one friend. He felt bad but what I couldn't understand why he was secretive about the chat too. If he thought we were close why hide stuff?
Do you think it is asking too much on my part?
Sometimes I question if it is even worth talking to them about it. People often don't want to say what they really think. Instead they just say whatever to avoid confrontation.
Oh I know they would. I don't hang out as much as they all do so that is probably why I wasn't included in the chat. But I didn't see the harm of me being in it even if I couldn't make it to most events. I guess it's the secrecy that bothers me. It makes me a bit paranoid about what else do they all know that I don't.
Hey, how are you doing?
I'm doing alright, I'm facing a lot of academic pressure from my program and I feel trapped
Yes, I have a lot of coursework but I have no help from from my advisors. A few of my peers feel the same way. Not sure what to do. I don't believe remote learning is helpful in a master program because the professor/advisor are not always available.
I tried, but the coursework is difficult and the other solution is tutorials on youtube but there is so much you can do on your own. Plus I have a job as well, so limited hours
I wish so, do your best and hope for the best I guess.
I just need to deal with the stress so it doesnt effect me
I feel that the stress is effecting my sleep and my work, because I constantly worry. Any tips?
I see, I think making a schedule and breaking task into little ones will help complete them. I guess I will stress less.
These message is really helpful and I will start doing what you have told me as soon as possible. I just want to live happily but thank you for this conversation.
Thanks for the distressing tips and other tips as well, I wish a happy holiday. I do feel a lot better.
Hi there
Things are okay, a little bit of anxiety about my job, but good for the most part
Yes, sure. I work in an industry heavily impacted by COVID-19, and my company has announced pay cuts as well as potential layoffs starting next year if things don't improve soon
Thank you. Self care is going well, I make sure to take walks every day and spend time with family
Thanks! I appreciate it. Just chatting with someone and getting some positive reinforcement helps. COVID-19 has given me a lot of anxiety in general, I haven't left the house except to grocery shop since March, and we've got some family members who take it a lot less seriously than we do and are asking us to go over for the holidays
Just a lot of anxiety in general, but trying to stay positive helps. And the recent news about the vaccines also help!
Thanks for listening :) I appreciate you cheering me on
Well, spending a lot more time at home with my fiance has helped us grow closer. And I'm in very good physical shape because of all the walking, exercising , and self care, so that's good!
Haven't had much happen today, but I did make myself a great lunch. And my cooking skills have gotten a lot better during the pandemic!
Thanks for the chat, I'm in a much better mood now than I was before!
A strong one :)
Thank you!
I am feeling sad
My friend of 5 years said that they hated me.
Yes it was and I am dealing with family problems as well and she just told me she hated me with no reason.
I am, why would someone want to do something like this. I am not sure if it was brought on by her boyfriend or what but she was one of my best friends
I am sure but I just wish she would not have said that to me. This is a new boyfriend that she started dating about 6 months ago.
Yes, and I am not sure how to react to what she said. Should I just leave her alone and let her come back around to me or reach out after a week or so?
She never has that is what is weird to me and makes me thing it is something or someone else that caused her to want to say it.
That makes sense but I just wish I knew why she said it. Did I do something to her, did someone say something to her etc? Maybe I should just wait to talk to her when she needs me for something?
Thank you, that is really great advice.
Do you think I should do this sooner than later or just wait?
Thank you, I will try to reach out to her and see what happens.
I'm so stressed, my emotions and anxiety is through the roof
I have a my masters thesis tomorrow and we have to do a presentation. A public speaking presentaion
Yes, I have a specific professor that intimidates me and knows that she can rattle me. I wish I could avoid her.
I know, right! I know I have my material ready to present and feel confident, its just how she gives constructive criticism and that her decisions and 25% of my final grade
The last class I had with her she was very aggressive when I asked questions aloud. Almost if she was put out. Also told me that my bumper sticker that says "stop heroin" was ignorant.
I have so much anxiety and emotional conflicts going into the last assignment. Just wish I had some good coping mechanisms to practice to get me through this.
Oh yes! a PITA!
That made me giggle a bit. Thank you for that
You are right, only skid row I know is 18 and life. Best with Sebastian Bach
Now that helps take me back to a better time. It will be over before I know it. Thank you for the nice uplifting words
Thank you so much, I feel much better
I tried to finish and quit, It states I have more time. you?
now we are good, try it now
Don't know really how I'm feelin
I guess so...
Why does love hurt so much
She broke my heart after all we had been through
Are all women the same
I would have tried to square out things rather than acting selfish, however tough
But again I will never understand her position
feel like the pain is becoming toxic
i would love to, but without the truth I might be fooling myself
I hadn't thought of that
Thank you
How was the experience
Thank you. I will make an effort
thank you for listening to me
i am depressed
when i lost my job in march
i have no money and cant find a job. its so hard
nanny
yes i have but because i am also at home with my son for school i need a work from home job which has been hard to find
it is. no income and bills are pilling up. its a lot to handle
i have looked on job sites but the work from home don't seem legit and there is a lot of them that are scams. i keep looking daily but having no luck
no i have not. i guess i just gave up and lost my ambition
thank you for the kind words
i hope yours does as well. i appreciate it
you as well
Hello. How are you?
I'm feeling so depressed!
I can't seem to find a job...I've been trying so hard.
I will run out of money, soon...
Yes....and wearing masks is hard, too....I get claustrophobic a lot. I get through it though.
I have a BA but that doesn't seem to help me find a job, much. Seems like all I see are jobs for construction type jobs.
Yes, it's the main way I search. I've seen gas station and fast food jobs posted most lately.
I hope so. To make matters worse I've messed up my UI paperwork it seems and now that is delayed.
I
am trying, thanks for all your helpful words!
I am trying to work in the mall now, as I think holidays are going to cause good business. Hope to get something.
Maybe I will get a job where I can get a discount!
I've tried that a few times, but it hasn't worked out that well...it seems like the managers are usually not there. I need a plan/time that I think I'll have more success. So far it's been hard.
I'd like to find a job fair, but they are all cancelled from the pandemic.
Or maybe they are there but they are hiding?
I have a feeling most of the places I email just file it in the circular folder.
Thanks for your support...sometimes I feel like I am the little fish in the big pond.
I'm okay but I've been better.
Thanks! I hope you are too.
Yes. I feel like I have to change my plans for my career when I thought I had everything figured out and it feels really depressing.
I actually haven't chosen yet. I feel overwhelmed with options and I'm lacking direction.
Maybe another path involving animals. Either that, or something geared more toward counselling for humans, which is actually what I was interested in a long time before I decided on the veterinary route.
Okay, I'll give it a shot.
That's a great idea.
I do. I have a dog and I love her very much and want to be prepared if anything were to happen to her.
Yeah, mine is super awesome. She's a Presa Canario and just the sweetest and smartest.
Nope, I think I'm good.
Thank you so much and have a lovely day!
hello
I'm have recently lost my job and I am scared about the future and how I will cope.
I just feel very worried. There are no other jobs around and I don't know how I will provide for my family.
Yes.
Yes, but there are no real solutions. I don't know what to do.
Yes, a bit. It's scary not knowing what is going to happen.
No I didn't know. That sounds helpful.
Ok, thank you. I will see if I can find some local to me.
Yes it's very uncertain, and very scary to experience.
I think I'm too old for that.
Maybe I should explore what options there are.
Yes, that's a good idea. Thank you.
I think I will speak to a charity about if they can help. I will think about talking to a career advisor and retraining. Thank you for your help.
Maybe. I will need to give it some thought.
Thank you. I guess I have to try.
Thanks again.
I dont know how to live without my girlfriend. She broke up with me suddenly.
a week ago.
yes. she was my rock.
but, i have been with her for 3 years. She is a part of my everyday life. we split household chores. now im overwhelmed
But im not sure how to survive in the time being. my life will be a disaster.
I dont have the time to do all she did to maintain my house. What am i supposed to do now she is gone.
But what about my dishes, and bathroom cleaning that she did, and i dont have time to do?
My house is already starting to look terrible since she has left.
But i have never done laundry. My mother did it when i lived with her. and i moved out from my mother to live with my girlfriend. How am i gonna do my laundry? I've never done it.
Thank you for your advice. It probably isnt that hard. I just am nervous about trying to do it myself for the first time. Its starting to pile up now.
It'll be new, but i guess i could at least try. But i miss her so much. I dont think i can ever find someone else like her.
You are very positive. I wish i had your positivity.
thanks
I'm driving myself crazy worrying about school.
I can't sleep at night worrying about my upcoming test.
I just don't know about that. It's so much pressure to succeed. The classes are so expensive and I can't fail.
Yes, I sure do. Do you have any suggestions?
With COVID-19, everything is so different. I don't feel like I have study group support.
Wow, that sounds like a great idea. That might work.
I do worry still about the financial consequences of possible failure. If I fail, then I have to retake the class and it is so expensive.
Yes, I'm so concerned about having to pass but also how I will pay my bills if I don't pass and don't have a degree. I will have all this college debt and nothing to show for it.
Wow that was very well said. I appreciate that.
Thanks for the help. I feel much better.
I think I'm going to go right now and set up a zoom meet with my friends to study. You have given some inspiration to me.
I'm feeling good about this now.
Hi
I am okay but started reflecting on the past and started to feel angry
I am angry I trusted my ex partner. They cheated on me and tried to hide it for months.
What do you do when you are reminded of that situation or think about the person?
I've seen that Crossfit helps a lot of people. That is a good idea but it is kind of intimidating
I have recently started painting and it is very relaxing
Yes. I usually do it while listening to podcasts. It is a great distraction
I have but not many of my friends have been in the position I was or understand how I feel
Personally I've heard that Reddit can be really toxic
I guess I can at least try it.
Thanks for all the great advice
I think it might be at least comforting knowing people have the same experience.
This was very helpful, thanks again. You can end the conversation. Bye
Hello there
Not too bad. Been experiencing some anxiety though. It is kind of an ongoing issue for me
I have tried going to support groups and therapy. I also take medications. Despite this I still feel overwhelmed.
The situation with COVID is scary. I just found out someone I care about may have the virus. I am a worrier anyways so it is hard not to feel butterflies in my stomach about the issue.
I can try to keep myself busy and practice self care. It is hard though because I still worry. Sometimes I feel too worried to do the things necessary to stop it all spiraling
I have practiced breathing techniques and meditation before and think that is a great suggestion. At the moment I think the only thing that would ultimately really make me feel better is knowing my friend is okay. He already has health issues so it is a worry.
Thank you. That is nice of you to say and I appreciate the support. Just knowing someone has faith that I can do it gives me more confidence
Thanks. I appreciate it.
Thanks, I hope you have a great day too
Thank yo for your helpful input as well
I am down feeling depressed
I feel like the world is crashing down around me
Thinking about my kids and wanting to be able to hug them and see them they are in a different state
I have medications I take but I have so many different things going on
I have PTSD, sleep apnea, and numerous other issues I suffer from as well
It is hard to travel at the moment I feel I can't trust anyone and don't like to be around a lot of people
I do see a specialist
It's even hard for me to go outside
No I am feeling very down and depressed right now and it is very hard
My kids call me and facetime me
My oldest son texts me a lot so I am thankful for that
My kids make me happy to talk to but usually I don't feel like seeing anyone
I don't even know how to describe how I feel to people sometimes
I hope they will be coming soon when my youngest son gets out of school
My mood seems to go up and down but mostly stays down I don't like going anywhere
That makes me feel so bad too because I never used to be this way
I am remarried and my wife tries to help as much as possible
I live close to my sister as well but it is still difficult for me to even talk a lot to them
I feel like I don't have anyone sometimes and she is supportive but I just get to feeling down and shutdown
I shutdown from everything and feel worthless sometimes
I hate to feel like that but I feel there is nothing I can do sometimes
I don't find fun in things I used to do that was fun
I feel so separated from people my parents both are gone now too
My dad passed away 24 years ago and my mom passed away last easter too
what helped you?
I would like to know because I don't like the feeling of depression and anxiety not being able to sleep
I try to go out and walk my wife likes to go outside so I try to do that but I still feel so down and I don't like how I feel I have become I get angry all the time too I feel like
Yes my specialist knows and I have appointments with them more often
My meds I take have been increased and I hate to just take meds to try to help
It has been 24 years since my dad has passed away and he was my best friend and I still hurt everyday
I know and I try to get out but after I retired from military I still have thoughts about all that I seen there too and I hate that
I don't like to tell everyone about that because I feel like I am bringing everyone down saying that too
Yes the PTSD is from the military time
I am not sure but I don't like to be in big groups either
I get easily startled now too when I am outside I always feel like someone is coming close to me and no one is there
I am not sure about that I feel ashamed a lot too about the way I feel
I don't think people should feel the way I do and I don't understand my feelings either
I truly hope so because I feel like I am against a wall sometimes too with my thoughts and feelings
I have not done a lot of research but I need to try that
I feel like I am complaining to people too and that bothers me too because I am not
I live in southern Tennessee
I am with the VA now they get all my appointments for me
I truly feel like my back is against the wall and I have never been that way I used to have fun
I go to see one of my specialists tomorrow actually VA
I really appreciate you listening to me
You are very kind to listen and try to make things better
I hope you are right and someday these feelings do go
I hope you have a great rest of your day and thank you so much for the kindness
Thank you
I am trying not too but that is the hard part
I feel alone a lot I understand I am not but that is how I feel
Bye for now and thank you again
Hello
Really bad. My 10 year marriage is failing. Things have not gotten better.
That's the thing. Nothing really happened. No cheating, drugs, or abuse. I suppose the euphoria has worn off, and she just doesn't find me interesting anymore.
Maybe we haven't done this enough in the past. We both had busy careers. I tried initiating this last year, but without success. Maybe, I was too late.
I hope you're right. Do you have other suggestions about how to do so?
I think your suggestions are very helpful. A vacation is currently out of the picture due to COVID. I want to try having deep conversations, but I don't know where to start.
I think you hit upon something. She is quite hesitant in talking about issues. Do you have any thoughts about marriage counselling? We've never tried that.
If my wife is the one having issues with conversations, do you think a male or female therapist/counsellor would be better? I want her to feel comfortable expressing herself.
I think that sounds like a safer choice. I was also hoping if you have suggestions for me personally. I am quite depressed and I am having problems getting through the day.
Thank you very much for your response. You have been very helpful. Perhaps, one last question - my wife and I have been hiding our problems away from our teen-age son. Do you agree that we should continue to keep it from him?
Ok, thanks for all your help again. I feel much better now, and hopefully I will get through this.
Take care, friend, good-bye
Hi. I am so nervous about my final paper. It's 50% of my grade.
It's not something to study for but something I've been working on for months.
It's community health. It's a paper not a test. And it's a group project. We have been implementing a class in a homeless shelter for months and we are measuring the success on that implementation for the adult male population.
And we have been finding research articles to support our project.
Yes I understand it's stressful. And yes we've made progress.
I can't stand working in groups because there is always someone who doesn't pull their own weight and it usually falls on me to make up for it. I just get so stressed out every time I think about it.
Yes. I've done that. But still have people who don't seem to stick to the plan.
Yes I have talked to my other group members and most of them are on board. I could go to the professor. That's an idea.
Yeah you could be right about that.
In a few days.
Yes that's definitely true. I feel a little better.
Yes thank you.
Hi! I'm good, but I'm struggling with an issue with my girlfriend.
She's a year ahead of me in college and will be graduating in May. She's looking at jobs in the northwestern region, but I'd planned on looking at graduate schools in the south. However, we've always planned on living together after college, but my career path would be best served in the southern states. I don't know how to bring this up to her.
It '
oops
It's not crucial, necessarily, but the population that I want to work with is more relevant along the southern border. I'm not willing to lose her, so to say, but I would like to find a compromise. I don't know what that would be though, or how to bring it up.
Have you ever been in a situation at all similar?
I don't think that's selfish, but knowing your experience is helpful in understanding your advice.
I appreciate your help! I'll try to have a productive conversation with her soon.
I agree! I don't know if it's something she's considered, because I've expressed interest in moving to the northwest just for fun, but I've also noted that the schools I'm actually looking at are Arizona and New Mexico. I do think the field she wants to go into could be applicable in almost any state, but I'll be gentle. I don't want to lose her, so if I need to look into a different section of my field, I definitely could.
Thank you!
Hey
You there?
I'm okay I guess. How are you?
I don't know. I've been dealing with a lot this last month.
Ha I'm a mother of two small children, I'm always tired lol
I'm always busy im surprised i can sit down to do this lol
Yes I am thankful for every moment of peace. Idk honestly it always varies on how long my autistic toddler stays occupied XD
Exactly, when it gets quiet it gets suspicious XD Right now my little girl has her woody doll and bo peep doll making them kiss while she watches sherk lol. My 8 years old is engrossed in his cellphone.
No my little ones stay in the room around me. They feel insecure since their father walked out on us. So they tend to stick as close to me as possible lately.
Yea one of the flaws with my marriage. I stayed so they would have both parents. Now they dont. I just hope ill be able to teach them and raise them on my own.
HI
Oh I am just looking to vent. The quarantine has added a lot of anxiety on my end, and I have a hard time coping with the new normal
yeah I agree with the sentiment. I like my housemates/friends if we hang out once in a while, or run into each other in the common area a few times a week. Now we are all confined under the same roof all the time
If someone doesn't remember to wash dishes, or started smoking that resulted in the whole house smelling. There is only this much I can do
I can remind them; but they are likely just saying that they are sorry and continuing doing what they do
or if the wall neighbor decided to watch TV really loud very late at night and you can't sleep. I can tolerate it if it is only once in a while, but now we are together all the time
yeah they are all polite and willing to acknowledge that there is something to improve on their part. I am sure there are things that I can improve on my end too. IT is just the nature of the quarantine has really upped the anxiety level.
I don't feel the option of escaping, changing the scenery a little bit or adjusting emotionally
it has also changed the relationship that I have with my housemates/friends. In the past, we have fun together, now it's like we are husband and wives pointing out each other's mistakes
yeah that is a good point. I agree with you.
Do you have similar experience. I would like to know what you think
I will do more of that. I guess we are all making sacrifices and learning how to cope
I guess. not sure how long this is going to last
yeah I hope so
thank you for chatting. IT makes me feel better already
My board is going around me to my staff and I am frustrated.
And angry!
My supervisor left and she reported to the board. Now we report to them. They said they would just go to us and not them. Now the board is going around us (me and my coworker).
Have you ever ran into something like that before?
Not really. My coworker and I can complain but that can only go so far. I need to detach and do the work but my ego is hurt.
Not really. This just started happening last week. I'm still trying to get a better idea on how to deal with this.
I think that is how I am going to respond. I am also hearing this from my staff, which may be part of the problem. I am trying not to let my ego get involved but it is hard.
I am worried that I will not be received well. Should I be?
That's true... I need that at least.
I hope so my last two days were pretty upsetting.
Thanks for your help.
No, that's all.
I am worried about being perfect on my job. I don't want to lose my job.
I have been working for about 4 months, but I just am not as fast at it as everyone else. I'm trying so hard working late and everything but it's never enough.
Maybe I could ask my friend and co-worker for some tips. I'm a little embarrassed to do so, but don't know where to turn. I don't want to get fired.
That's true maybe it could turn out for the better. But what if they see me as incompetant?
That's a good way to put it.
I will have to try that. That might help.
That sounds great. Do you think my work would be supportive?
Wow, I hope I can take advantage of that. I will have to check into that. Who should I approach at work?
I can do that. I think I'll reach out tomorrow to Human Resources for some help.
No that should be all. I am feeling more confident in strategies to use to help me. Thanks
I cannot believe my Girl is breaking up with me....
I am very anxious about how to cope with my emotions.
Can you IMAGINE?? Breaking up with ME?
I am trying.
My girl of 5 years decided that "Brad from Accounting" is her guy. :(
I need to stop the racing thoughts....
She just told me that she has had feelings for Brad for a long time....
Now that Brad is divorced, she just jumped to the opportunity. Ridiculous.....
Brad?
He is 40.
Yeah......
I can't believe it was Brad.....
My girlfriend is a real gold digger....
"Big Bucks Brad." What a fool I have been.
It is hard. I was looking at engagement rings.....
She has only worked at the Firm for 3 years....
Just because I am not a rich guy like Brad....
I guess not buying that engagement ring was the right thing to do.
Have you ever been dumped before by a partner?
How hard was it for you? How did you cope? I have a lot of anxiety right now.
Oh, ok. I am not a student. I work in retail.
Oh, wow.
How did you handle anxiety? I am having some right now.
Should I confront Brad at my ex-GF's workplace or start looking online for another partner?
You think connecting with other people would work? Like a support group?
Yeah, it was a long relationship. I should have lived together with her instead of being in different apartments.
Well, she constantly told me that she loved me.
I never thought it would be Brad.....he is a geeky dude. I met him at my GF's last Christmas party, hosted uptown.
Work Christmas Party, too.
Well, we lived in separate domiciles.....
She said she wanted to get married about six months ago. I am not sure what happened. She just went on holiday with Brad, from what I heard through social media.
I am a bit jittery right now. I am going to taker some deep breaths.
Well, your input has been helpful. It was good talking to you.
i just started school and i dont feel that i am good enough
Its been so long since i have attended school. I barley graduated high school
I dont feel i am cut out for college
yes
I dont know to be honest
Thank you!
Im excited for the high paying jobs i can get once i graduate.
also i chose a field that will allow me to work from home. I will be able to support my family without having to leave them!
breathing techniques come to mind.
you have helped me identify that it is simply just anxiety and i can better handle it now. thank you!
I feel so much better and more confident!
i will do the techniques before each class. That way i have a clear & open mind!
Well Its lunch time for my kids, i guess that concludes this conversation! Happy holidays!
Hi. I am worried about my exams.
I do not feel like I am properly prepared, even though I have studied.
I have studied. However, I still feel like I am not prepared. One big problem is that I have no quiet place to study.
I have not. Both of those are great suggestions. I wonder if I should take the time to walk to the library (30 minutes), or just continue to study? Maybe, I know as much as I can know. The anxiety is too much.
This is very good advice. Have you completed college?
What do you think will happen if I fail this test?
Very true. Thanks for reminding me. I think I worry more about the outcome than I need too.
Very good advice. Any suggestions on what I can do?
Great Advice.
But, in the one hour prior to the exam, do you have any advice on something I can do to calm my nerves?
Wonderful suggestion
Thank you for your help. I think I will go walk now. Best regards.
No. Thank you.
Hello
I'm struggling to make it through the day. My daughter was hit by a car in September and the traumatic experience is weighing heavy on my brain.
Troubled would not be the word I would use, but it wasn't a car accident. She was hit by a car in the street outside of my house.
She was coming home from school. She is only 5.
I have a hard time getting out of bed in the morning.
I would say that I am anxious all the time. She survived, but she had some serious injuries after. I feel like a part of me died that day, the part that thought I could protect her no matter what. I would say that I'm also feeling ashamed because it was out of my control.
Is that how you would feel?
thank you for saying that. I quit my job to focus on her healing, and i don't want to go back to work now.
She is healing well, she has a moderate TBI (traumatic brain injury) so there is still so much uncertainty. It sucks to blame ourselves for things that happen to our kids.
No. And I'm completely dreading going back to work. I wish I could somehow get paid to exist so that I can just stay home with my daughter all day.
YES. And if you can figure out how to make that happen I'll give you 10% of the salary lol.
I've been looking for a remote part time job that has pay equivalent to a full time job. Apparently, that's not a thing.
What's your question.
I don't have a family. Just my daughter, and my boyfriend who lives in Australia that can't come here due to Covid restrictions. She does see her Dad everyday, but the part time hours I would need would have to be flexible and no company is even really hiring part time at the moment from what I can tell.
I have a psychiatrist and a therapist that I have been working with. Their solution is medication which I am extremely against.
Hello there.
I've made a mistake at work today and I have a fear that I will get in serious trouble
One Lorry wasn't collected and around 300 customers will not get their orders on time
Yes is it. But before me nobody made a mistake such as this one in my team.
I fear I will have a serious conversation tomorrow with my manager and I will be told off.
I feel so stressed now I can't normally breath
I've never done anything like this before, would you be able to assist me a little bit?
So how I should do it?
I just don't really like classic music but I can try
Yes probably I will look in youtube how to do it thanks.
Do you think I will lose my job?
I am working in the company for 5 years and if I will lose it and don't know what to do next. as now it's hard to find new job
I hope so, I am very not looking forward to come to work tomorrow :/
I will try to believe in my self and will check how to relax on youtube.
Thank you so much for our help and that you listened to me.
Thank you, have a great day
Hello.
I am doing okay I suppose.. How are you??
Yes. I had to throw out my sister the other day and Im kind of upset over it.
She was in a psych ward for a while and when it was time to discharge her, my mother didnt want her back. She was going to send her to a foster home so I volunteered to take her in.
Since then, she has stopped taking her medication and is acting out.
Pretty much.
I tried to have my mother take her back, but she still didnt want her there. So I sent her to my grandmothers and she turned that side of the family against me.
Only once and she was just telling me that I was a horrible person.
This all started over her stopping her meds and then I asked her to clean her room.
We have tried to get her into therapy again. But, COVID put a block on that.
I suggested that she go back to the ward and maybe be placed into a group home.
I would hate to see that happen, but Im at my wits end.
Now my dads side of the family hates me because they say Im "mean to her". All I asked her to do was to clean her room and maybe socialize every once in a while.
Im more mad than sad.
I understand, but I think it would have better than sitting in a dark room all day.
Yes, but she denies it whole heartedly.
This is why she was taking medication.
I just wish she could she what I see...
I was afraid she was going to ruin my family with her attitudes.
Thank you. I feel better being able to rant to someone.
Hi. How are you?
Ive had better days.
Im having a hard time dealing with this pandemic.
Im trying to make the best of it but having a hard time.
Im feeling isolated and missing my family and friends.
Yes. Video calls are not the same.
Unfortunately I do. Thus it contributes to the loneliness. And I work from home.
I do but Im getting tired of video chatting. Its just not the same. Its tough, especially with the holidays approaching.
Sounds good. Any ideas of what I can do to keep busy?
Hi
I think you are able to read about my situation, but if not, I've basically lost my best high school friends while in college.
It's pretty rough since I've known these people since I was in elementary school.
It did - I had to figure out what was important in life after that but the loss of my high school friends drove me into a mild depression.
Occasionally when I think about that time in my life.
I am still feeling the effects of it today. I don't know exactly how to cope properly.
That's great that it's normal....but I'm not sure how that's helping me.
I guess so. I'm not sure where to start or even if I need do.
to
I have a spouse but they weren't around when this series of unfortunate events occurred.
No, it's something I keep inside. I'm a super private person.
Agreed, I guess. Maybe it's time to share more with my spouse. I don't think it's that big an issue. I just don't like talking about it.
I think so. I'm thinking we can do it over dinner one night while it's quiet in the house so we can talk
I guess thats true - thanks for chatting with me about this.
Hi there. I don't really know how to start with this, but I've been feeling low for the last year or so, and feel like my mood is getting worse with each day. I don't have any motivation to do anything and I'm not sure exactly where to turn.
I think that might be true. Can you offer any advice or guidance on what I can do to improve it?
Yeah my issues have definitely been compounded by the crisis, and not being able to speak to my friends or family, or even my work colleagues now I work from home. I don't have health insurance unfortunately, otherwise I'd have gone down that route.
7 cups, I haven't heard of that one. What do they do?
Definitely even this conversation is making me feel a little better.
I will look into it after this conversation then. Is there anything you could recommend I try before I contact them? Just anything I can do to lift my spirits?
Do you think meds are a good option? I'm worried if I take that route I might end up zoned out or addicted to taking them.
Okay sure, so I could just go to my local pharmacy and pick up Vitamin D? Or is that prescribed by a doctor?
Okay that's good to know you have first hand experience.
Okay, what does that do? I havent heard of that supplement before.
Okay that's useful. And there are no side effects to taking vitamin D, are there? I'll look into st john's wort. It seems as though there is loads of research to be done here - which is a little stressful!
That's true, it's working towards an end goal of feeling like myself again. You are right.
Thanks for that, it makes a difference to hear some encouragement.
I don't want to overwhealm myself, but I think I'll go grab a coffee and take a look into Vitamin D and St Johns Wort now. I like the idea of using supplements and seeing how they work for me before moving onto heavier antidepressants.
That's true, I'm just hoping the end of the tunnel isn't too far away. Can't face another summer locked inside with nothing to do!
Thanks, I will do. And thanks again for your help.
Hello :)
I'm doing well how bout yourself?
I've just been feeling down about school the last couple of months.
I havent been doing as well since covid
and I'm kind of upset at my self for it
Yeah the online schooling is tough for me
I cant seem to be motivated and I really miss seeing all my buddies at school
I haven't seen anyone in person other than my family since march :(
the virus has been hard on everyone hasnt it
sure thing :) share
You bring up a good point about changing environment
I feel like everyday is the same day samething over and over that might be why I'm feeling so down. Plus i work in the basement so I dont get much sunlight
Maybe I'll try moving to the living room :)
I've picked up a couple hobbies and they definitely help keep me busy but with school and all I find I dont have a lot of time for them
Yeah maybe I should do that
gotta switch things up
Yeah I should chat with my friends more too
Its hard to fine time but I should try
very very true especially in these difficult times
Im hoping they get the vaccine developed asap
and everythiung can go back to normal
Yeah thank you for your advice ill try implementing them in my life more
I feel much better now :) thank you for your time
Hello.
Not good.
Well, my girlfriend and her grandmother are extremely depressed.
The husband of her grandfather is driving everyone nuts with his yelling. Nothing makes him happy.
Kind of hard when he is the one that owns the houses. Doesn't seem right to leave him. He is going through dementia right now.
He always supported them. Just sucks now he is causing so much sadness.
He sees me like a son but end of the day. I have to do right by my girlfriend. I love her and her family.
Yeah. He keeps going to the VA and they keep saying he is losing brain mass.
Wish everyone else knew how to deal with him. Doesn't seem like everyone is equipped to deal with this kind of stress.
My girlfriend already has enough on her plate with her chronic illness. Mostly the arguing starts when he tells her to eat 'normal' food. Which everyone has to keep reminding can kill her.
Well, problem is that he is extremely fit and stubborn. That could be a solution. Not in his current state though... He would lose his mind. He is a veteran... so. He could lose it.
He thinks everyone is out to get him. He was in Vietnam for years and left him with guns without ammo to protect a post. So with that in mind... who knows. Could work out. But he has tackled medical personnel before.
You could imagine the trauma that encourages that crazy mindset.
However, I think I got a good idea what to suggest.
At least to my girlfriend and her family.
You left I guess.
Interesting. Okay
well good bye
Man.. not even a proper good bye.
Hi, I am doing ok, how are you?
Well 2020 is bothering me, like everyone else.. earlier this year my job was terminated, then for 3 months I was not bringing in income. Now that COVID is still out there, I fear that my current job will be terminated
True, I have been trying to think of other things I can do, like start a business
But I have been working for 20 years, that I feel like I am supposed to work for someone else and not for myself.
I feel that I have not ideas. I feel like i have been thinking about a business idea for myself and family for some time now. I wonder how others decide on what to do
Like how to get that motivation in their head to start something really new
I know, i really want a niche company.. Something that no one has thought of, or is not yet in my community.
I would love to do a zero waste company or store, since that is what I am really into.
Do you think it is hard to set up a business plan?
Oh Thank You!
I think I will!
I actually feel motivated to do some research on this.
At least is has taken my mind off possibly not having a job
Thanks for your help. This really helped. I needed to be able to speak/type to someone about this.
I believe this app/program is very helpful
Thank you! You also. Have a Merry Christmas and safe Holidays
Yes I'm here
I'm doing ok. Feeling kinda stuck at the moment though. Struggling with everything happening around me without me
Maybe not so much left out but moreso left behind. I really feel like everyone else is where they're supposed to be in life and I'm just floundering here without a clue what to do next. I'm just so used to being a mom that now that my son is getting mroe independent, I really feel like when I try to look at myself, I don't see a path to things working out
I really have no idea. I've been depressed for a really long time. I don't find joy in the things I used to so I don't even know what I like to do.
No. I've isolated myself pretty good. Staying inside because of the virus has definitely helped to ease my anxiety but it makes life pretty lonely.
I really appreciate you saying that. I used to be in a bunch of online support groups for single parents but life kind of got in the way and I didn't have a lot of time to focus on myself. I always had to be there for my son.
I do think I would like to try those activities! Sometimes I don't want to bother my kid with my problems but he's like the best friend I have
I think I will take your advice and try to write some letters
I really appreciate your kind words more than you know! Thanks for the great advice and I hope you are doing good as well!
I hope you have a great day! Thank you so much
Too Much Work Pressure
Administration Work
I am female and feminism problems also there during that time i am getting very anger
U r good
What type of work u r doing
What about me ?
Sure as a working people everyday issue will be there ...
i am right
My work is Slow ?
Not so bad , but Ok
Too much administrative work like preparing reports for various departments and send mail to clients
There is no proper communication from top level people so happening error
That time i am getting angry
Yes, you are correct , So i home i like to listen some good music to reduce my tension
DO like music? What type of music do u like
Great Me Too , really awesome
i like instrumental music , like mild guitar and some other
Piano and Guitar
Some times i like to here some Indian instrument also
No, i will not but i like to listen
Sorry i will not play , but i like to listen
Do u know to play?
Yes you are correct me too tried one time but i can't
That is great pleasure to be
I am other hobbies is take care of my kid...
She is an angle to me..
i love her lot and she is great to me
Yes , only one ..
what about you ? and your family
Awesome , that is happy to hear , So you enjoying the life with beautiful family
Yes, little , some work is there doing remotely
Merry Christmas!!!
Yes, you little special person from others
Shall we finish the conversation
Ok Enjoy the Day ..Be Happy forever
Now i am very relaxed
Going to enjoy the day with my angle
so i am in hurry to finish the work
Thank U
Bye Have a Good Day
Some Report preparation
Hello
I am a little down today. How are you?
My friends, who I also work with, are upset with me because I am leaving for a new position.
I am sad that they are upset.
I am going to miss them, but yes... I am happy about it. Maybe a little nervous.
Honestly I don't know.
I think I would feel alot better about it if my coworkers were more supportive.
Maybe
Well we already have a group chat... we could keep communicating through that.
And lunch a few times a month would be nice, but they are all night shifters and I am going to be a dayshifter.
Yes. We won't even be awake at the same time.
That is a good idea
I will at my new job but they do not.
Yes, thanks
I am okay, thanks.
Yes, lately my friends have been going through divorces and many have moved away.
Yes, it's very sad and a difficult situation because my husband is friends with some of the husbands and I am friends with the wives.
Maybe. I never thought I would to this extent. The pandemic created so much stress for people.
Right. It's tragic to see so many going through divorces and separations at the same time.
Yes, I have 4 sets of friends divorcing and they all separated after March 2020.
It is. Nothing is open anymore and so many people are guarded.
It is. And 3 of my friends are moving home to be with family who all live out of state and far away.
I am married. My husband and I are fine.
We've actually grown closer despite all of this.
Yes, me too.
That's good. It seems this crisis is either a divider or a unifier. There's no in between.
Yes, I have been going to the gym more. I am training to run a 7 minute mile.
I love sourdough bread. I should learn how to do that too.
Well thank you for the friendly chat. I appreciate your suggestions and support.
That's good to know. I should look into that. Thanks.
I'm sad because I found out my boyfriend broke up with me once he saw I came from a poor neighborhood.
Yes, I kind of depressed over it though because I thought he loved me.
I wish I had a different home, but I can't change that now. I'm trying to work so hard to do better, but it will take time.
Thanks for the encouragement.
I think he is missing out on a lot, but he isn't going to realize this now.
Do you think someone else will love me for who I am?
How can I move forward? Should I try to get him back and get him to realize he is not looking at my heart?
Can I invest my time in anyone from outside my neighborhood?
That sounds like good advice.
Thanks so much. That is reassuring. I'm starting to feel better.
That sounds like it will be helpful.
I am feeling so much better. Thanks!
Thanks again.
Hi there, I am currently going through a kind of job crisis and I'm not sure how to move forward.
I actually have a job, but I made a mistake and I think I could get in trouble and I'm not sure how to approach my manager about the mistake I made.
It is, we have been working from home since March. I actually started my job working from home, something that wasn't expected when I was first hired.
Thats ok! We had been given a deadline for end of day this upcoming monday to have a number of projects completed. Some projects take only part of day to complete while others take multiple. I made the mistake of prioritizing the ones that take less time to be sure I was able to get as many done as possible. I in turn, forgot to start the other projects that take a couple of days until friday (yesterday) so now these couple of projects wont be done by the deadline.
Yes essentially. They all had to be done the same day, but I prioritized the work that took less time in order to get more of them completed. So now these ones that take longer (with the same deadline) wont be finished in time.
I'm worried about talking to my manager about this.
I know the mistake I made, but I'm afraid that won't be enough to make up for my mistake.
We do, and its my first mistake in the 8 months I've been working here.
Oh thank you thats kind of you to say.
That is good advice.
you are so right!!
thank you for putting this all into perspective
Thank you again, have a great evening :)
hello
I feel ashamed thinking of my future career
whenever we have family gathering, my aunts and uncles would brag about how much their children make. I have higher degree but will only make half of their salary so I feel bad
yes, my parents won't say it to me but they never show they're proud either
What's good if it doesn't translate to my earnings.
I wonder if I should start over with some better degree, but it's expensive
I want to think otherwise but it's difficult, especially when capitalism is everything nowadays
I enjoy it, I did some internship and it was nice
Is there anyway for me to change my way of thinking? I keep worrying about all the expense that I'll have to spend and what if I can't afford because of how much I earn
I don't really want to talk to them, I'm not very close to them and rarely tell them my problems
it still affects me nonetheless
thank you for understanding
it's tough when I look around and everyone seems to do better than me
I've thought about thaat but I'm not in a financial situation to afford that
that would be great
yeah I should start doing that and not let others affect me
Thank you very muchh for talking with me
hi
I got a new job in California, and all my families, mother, father, siblings and friends are there in Washington
i need to take care of my mother and monitor my young ones
yes, I need to take care of them, although the job gets a big cash
and how will I cope? I know nobody over there in California
NO
IT IS ONLY MY WIFE AND CHILDREN THAT WILL FOLLOW ME
DEFINITELY
I do do that often
but they will definitely need me
no for now
I am not sure of that men
like, I am seriously worried
yes
no
only worried most about my mother, she will not leave dad
she feels more happy while seeing me
ok
let what organization can do that?
okay, I will do that right now, I will be happy if I can see such
yes
thanks a lot
Hello.
I'm feeling really anxious about my future. I'm not doing as well in college as I want to.
Well, I was a great student in high school, but I've found that I'm really struggling with my college classes. I feel rather underprepared and that maybe I don't really belong here.
It's just so much harder to concentrate since all my classes are online.
Honestly, I feel like my concentration is terrible these days.
How did you deal with it?
Ugh, I have a huge problem with procrastination!
It used to work in high school, but I guess I really do need to make changes.
For some reason, it's a lot harder to ask questions online to my professors.
I guess, but I just feel like I really need someone else to explain things to me.
I have such a hard time concentrating on my own.
That's true, I guess I'm still thinking like I'm still in high school and I have a lot of bad habits to break.
What was your strategy?
hello?
Not so good. Yourself?
I've just received my pink slip at work. I knew it might happen, but was hoping they would choose to keep me on.
I'm really freaking out here. I have got to find a job before Monday.
They are getting rid of all kinds of people and I think the newest hires are going first.
People were let go every Friday for the last month. I was hoping I had another week to try and save up.
I am looking around the house trying to find things I can sell just to get me through the next week as far as groceries and I think my phone bill is due too.
I really don't. This came at the worst time.
I don't know what to do.
I wouldn't say they're old. One was a Christmas gift from a few months ago, but I've got to do something.
So much is closed here due to the pandemic I'm not sure who is hiring. This is just too much.
I sure hope so. Right now I just can't see a way out.
I'm so sorry. I wouldn't wish this on anyone. Where did you look for work? Do you have any tips?
I was thinking maybe I could do gig work like ride share or grocery pickup. That might help until I get full time somewhere.
I should probably contact the phone company. Maybe I can do a payment plan? I need to definitely try and consolidate things.
I was really starting to get back on my feet and now the rug has been pulled out again. I don't know how I'm going to trust another job prospect.
I wish they had taught us this in school. I feel so ill prepared.
I cried the entire way home. I thought about calling my parents and letting them know, but they have their own problems right now.
I'm trying. I feel really ashamed. It helps to tell someone.
Thank you for letting me vent. I'm going to call about my phone and search some job boards.
Take care, and thanks again. Bye bye.
I'm very stressed. Virtual school is so hard.
I've never gotten bad grades before this year.
Yes, that is correct. I need to be in a classroom to really grasp the material, I think.
I just want to quit school because I can't seem to do better.
I wish I knew how long we would have to be virtual. I don't think I can last another semester teaching myself from home.
Yes, I was always an honors student so this is a huge change for me. I'm afraid it will reflect on my GPA forever.
I tried exercise to see if that would help. It hasn't really helped because the time I spend exercising I just think I could be studying.
I could try deep breathing. Fresh air is hard because we're in the middle of a snow storm!
I like to go to a spa when I'm really stressed.
I will try the deep breathing more often.
That's a good idea. Maybe I could make it a reward for a good grade on a test.
I think it might too!
I'm having a hard time being my sons teacher and there is a lot of pressure with that.
I've been better. How are you?
Yes, I feel like I'm responsible for getting them to do their schoolwork, maintain my mother sons relationship, and make sure that they do well in their schoolwork.
It's a lot that is on my plate on top of the other things that I'm responsible for.
I agree with you there. It would be nice if they could be in school, but I understand that they shouldn't be.
I'd like more help and understanding from my husband, but he seems to be incapable of that.
Unless I badger him for it.
I've definitely heard that before, but you are completely right. I need to stop worrying about yesterday and tomorrow and focus on today, but I'm just not very good at that.
Yea, I definitely need to get better at doing that. I end up letting them play video games and with toys in the middle of the day sometimes because I have work that I have to get done as well.
That's very smart on your part. I really need to learn to actually follow through and do that.
That is true and a very strange reference.
No, I appreciate the different references.
I was just surprised by it.
One piece at a time makes more sense than allowing myself to be bogged down by everything at once when I can only accomplish one thing at a time.
You've made some very good points and I just need to get better at taking things one thing at a time.
That is definitely true. No one could have possibly been prepared for what has been happening.
Covid has been disrupting so many people's lives in so many different ways.
It's just nice to be able to talk to someone else who is experiencing some of the same things.
That is probably true, but everyone has been so busy that I've only really been communicating with my husband.
That is a very good point and I should really try to talk to my friends more than I do.
Thank you for the help today. It was nice to talk to someone else.
I hope you have a nice day.
hello
i need som help, i feel so sad.
I think you can talk to me, maybe I will feel a bit better.
I had a breakup with my boyfriend.
Feeling depressed, can you give me any advice?
Thank you, but I do not feel motivated to do anything. What should i do with my feelings?
I think you are right, maybe i just need to take a pause in my life for now, yeah I like to sleep. Thanks for supporting me.
I think I will try what you said today
Maybe I will watch some movies and then take a nap
what do you think?
Are you here?
My depressive feelings and how to deal with them in a way I can cope.
hello by the way....:)
For two weeks now.
I have never experienced depression until now.
Yes. I work remotely and my concentration is way off. It is affecting my production at work. I'm not enthused about anything. I am eating less. My husband tries to comfort me and it feels good in the moment but goes away when I am alone.
I am not confused. I just need suggestions on overcoming a death like this. All my happiness is wrapped up in this corona virus.9 Friends, family, coworkers, outings.)
How do you deal with death?
This is true and I have noticed that crying over this is something I have not done much. I do workout intensely 4 times a week but that has fallen off too. I do workout inside with a home gym. Maybe running outside wouls be more beneficial and help me feel closer spiritually towards her.
I thi nk I'm still shocked a little.
I like these suggestions and I will try this! Thanks for great advice!
Your so right but I already feel better after chatting with you. Thanks again!
Bye now!
Hello
I am looking for some support, would you be able to help me?
Hi there. It would be nice if I could discuss something with you.
Thank you! This is about a past situation. I once had a large tight knit group of friends.
But there was a lot of fighting from some of them. I didn't like it.
Yea kind of. They sort of drifted away.
I was breaking up the fights really.
I guess they weren't that good of friends to begin with...
THat is ok
What do you have to say?
It has been tough.
There's always ways to get over it but it is hard not to care.
It would be nice to get something going where people could apologize.
That's a nice personal anecdote. I should try to initiate contact at some point. I feel like most people are shunning each other.
Thank you.
No that was helpful, I appreciate it.
hi, can I discuss an issue with you?
My parents, they expect me to always get straight A's.
It is upsetting because it is an expectation. I am not perfect and I always try my hardest. I am afraid of not being perfect.
They tell me it is my only job. They think it will help pay for college if I am the best.
Thanks, I just don't want to disappoint them. They work so hard and want the best for me.
I am, I told my sister to not get straight a's or they will always expect it. I h ave not talked to them
Okay, I can try that, it makes me very anxious. Would writing a letter be okay?
I am better at expressing my feelings that way.
I hope it will work, maybe I will write it and leave it in the morning for them to find after I go to school. That way they can think about what I said and not just react.
Thanks, you have made me feel a lot better.
me too, bye
Not a great day.
It is not a good day....
Maybe. It is tough to talk about right now.
I love my girl, but she decided to break up with me......by text message,
I get no respect.....
Yeah, it is.
I am disgusted that my girl did that to me......And by text message???! What the F---
My friends came up to me in the bar and said they had heard about the breakup....
Some friends to gossip....yeah, I am disgusted for sure,
We had been together over 2 years....
Yeah, I bet many have. It is not a very Civil society.
Very uncivil method of breaking up....
It just disgusts me how gauche my girl's method was. Maybe people should be more polite about how they communicate about something like breaking up.
That is a great point. A rather gauche move on her part, dontcha think?
Have you ever had someone dump you??
Yeah, I hear you.
I feel disgusted so much that I got played "like an old fiddle." It sucks.....
I haven't thought about getting therapy. What would help?
I am glad to be able to vent to you about my girl's actions. I hope she is not going to hook up with my "wing man,' Rick. I would be filled with even more disgust.
I have seen Rick eyeballing my girl at times. I think he is an agressive guy when it comes to the ladies.
Rick thinks that he is a "playah."
I might just have to do that. I think that he has been eyeballing my firl a little too much over the last two or three months, actually.
I will talk to Rick and see what he knows about my girl breaking up with me by text. I need to find out more.
hi
my girlfriend breakup me
it cause me many dipression she was cheating with my friend that she says mine is not fit for her
nope she says that how can i tell you she says that my dick is not fit for her
playing games,roaming with friendsand reading books
no defnetly not
i just want to belive that she left me so im going to travel it and going to concentrate on my job
really thanks that you were spending time with me
thanks
can i finish the conversation
you to have a good day
you have doing great work my friend
is this any kind of social work
how many people did you handle per day
Im tired how are you
I dont sleep well anymore. Doctor says its part of the depression. Up 4 or 5 times a night. Eventually i give up and just stay up
Life!!!!! Bills!!! Feels like im drowning instead of keeping my head above the water!!!
I feel like ill be okay though!!! I still have a little bit of positiveness in my head
Just keep swimming right? Lol
Will do thanks for the encouragment.
It helps
God bless you
Hope all is well
Stay safe suring ths crazy pandemic
During
Im from florida where are you from?
Ah ive been to new york once. Just before all this stuff with the pandemic started. Very pretty state
Traveled trough it a few times as well
Flordia isnt far behind it but it has a ways to go to catch up. It was nice chatting with you. Hope your day is great
Not great. I think I have a problem with alcohol.
I've been drinking a lot and some mornings I wake up not remembering the night before.
A couple of months on and off, but it's gotten a lot worse the last couple of weeks.
I'm afraid I'm going down a bad road, but I don't know how to stop.
How do we do that?
Work has been stressful, but I feel like was before things got bad. Most nights I come home to drink so that I can forget about my day.
I work in finance at a large corporation.
Hmm. I never thought of it that way.
I guess maybe I need to look into how such events affect me.
Yeah, that makes sense.
I think I understand the problem I have much better now.
Honestly, I don't feel like I fit in at my job. I get concerned that my coworkers like me better after I've had a few drinks and loosened up a bit. But there's been more stress lately and I've been pushing it a lot more.
Yeah. That makes sense. Thanks for your support.
I don't know how I inspire anyone, but I appreciate it.
Thanks for your help.
hi
not quite ok! my head keep ringing, breathing rate fast all i could think of was the occurrence
caught my girlfriend cheating on me
no! all i think of is her, loved her wish she never did that
i wished we could, i just cannot get it of my mind
guessed you right, i just don't know if i can trust her, I don't think i can heal from the betrayer
i understand, its just hard to trust when the trust is broken, hard to know what direction to turn to, forgive her or move on, to choose is just a hard decision. Guess i need to hear her own part of the story
I try working towards that, i just wish am back to myself soon because it has really affected me.
wished i have friends i could trust, all just mock and wished you worse, hated being alive
Guess I'll go stay with them till i can get myself together
Thanks' so much , you lifted my mood , you being really helpful
Thanks
hii
could you please help to come out of fear from my friend who became physco
he is one of the best friends in the group .we are 10 members , when went to party after drunk he took pictures with us when we were half nude.Now he blackmailing by that phots and asking money
yes , he should not , another friend family suffered lot
she attempt suicide .so i am scaring a lot
i thought so , wanted to share with my hubby but scaring that he might think i cheated him but in real we never do anything .it is a group a party
thank you for ur time,
my hubby is my friend , sure will understood but still being scare
thinking about worst part will happen if he didnt trust
sure, can i tell to my friend wife .?
her hubby is all doing this
oh yea , i forgot that .
yea will discuss both , first will tell to my hubby , what ever happen
what will do if he don't trust?
ha may be , will try then once
yea this guilt feeling so bad inside
what will do with this physco friend , he torturing all other friends too.what is the end solution for this
yes will talk to my hubby first and will take any advise from him to save all of my friends too
yes nice idea ..will report
Hi there, I am desperate to get some help for my ongoing depression, is there anything that you can do?
Well, it's not really any worse tonight than it has been for years. I just don't know how to get out of it and I suspect that I might never be able to.
I have been prescribed some medication by my GP but I cannot really afford professional counselling.
I am sorry for the delay, I had a personal emergency. What sort of things are you talking about?
No, I am British. There are limited resources available here but not many and there's a waiting list.
The trouble is also that I have tried a variety of medications and none has really been all that helpful.
Yes, I am on some waiting lists but I do not know how long it might take to get to the top of them.
Why do you say that medication is not the best idea? I am aware that it is not a panacea but it can help to take the edge off, as it were.
I think that there are some conditions where medication is necessary but I do take your point that there are other things that we can do to alleviate symptom. Maybe it is best to do these things in tandem?
I also went through a lot of different combinations before ending on on Prozac. I think that different things work for different people. I do not find it very easy to talk to people.
No, I am rather way of 'natural' or homeopathic medicine. Are there any kinds that you could recommend?
I do do a lot of that but I would feel too shy to show anyone my journal. Your help has been invaluable though and I do feel more receptive to other forms of treatment now.
I often do go over things that I've rewritten but there can be long periods where I just feel that I have nothing to say. Thank you so much for your help though, I do feel a lot better! I hope to see you again soon.
I need some tips to overcome from that problem
Give me some tips to get succeed in my life
I was totally upset due to my financial career
I had a lot of debts
Because of this covid situation
So please tell me some advice
yes I arranged a loan in a bank
yes I works in a broad wide company. So I will manage
ok bye. Thanks for your help
Well, it has been a hard week.
My wife decided to separate from me with the two klids.
I am disgusted....just like President Donald Trump is with the $600 dollar stimulus checks.
It just isn't my fault.
My wife had no right to leave California without me.
I made a mistake making California my home.
We were together 10 years. I am just disgusted that it had to happen at this point. Christmas week, of all weeks.
I am still working right now. Luckily, California has plenty of money for bureacrats lie myself.
I contributed to the marriage for sure.
I love my wife and my great kids
Things like this were sudden. I mean, I never expected her to up and walk out with the kids.
The only thing I can think of was that California was getting too expensive and the homeless were taking over LA; that may have spooked her to leave the state.
I really don't have any discourse. The kids are almost 18. They are twins. Yeah, in her eyes, she seems fed up with the state. She left me for Texas, the state, not the person.
I mean, she never mentioned loving, "Text," but the kids are bing into the Dallas Cowboys
I overhead her say that Texas is a free state and my twin boys do love the Dallas Cowboy's team.
Yes, she does. Both her parents live in Laredo.....big spread, too.
Well, she left two days ago. I came home and the furniture and my widescreen TV were all gone.
We lived in a small apartment in LA.
I am D-I-S-G-U-S-T-E-D to the Nth degree.
Any help to get her to come back would help.
My hobbies are on hold.....I need to get "un-disgusted" first.
ok.
I am all ears.....
I have a gym membership....if they are even open with the COVID-19.
Maybe I can just jog or speed walk every day. Perhaps pushups can help?
Oh, that may just help me relax and think about other things besides my wifey and twin kiddos.
Well, your input has helped.
I will mull your insights over. Good bye.
Hello, I'm good and yourself
I am really a little upset.
Me and my partner had an argument and I got ghosted after. It's been 2 weeks.
Yes
Yeah, I just do not know what to do
I was sick and he did not call me all day to even check in on me. I told him that I was upset about that.
I'm sooo pissed at my friend!
I was completely betrayed by him!
I told my friend I kind of have a thing for this guy in our friend group and he actually told the guy! This guys has a girlfriend and I'm really cool with her. Now everything is soooo awkward
My friend has been drinking a lot and he cant keep his drunk mouth shut. I'm like ready to completely dump him as a friend in a minute
I mean, it's covid. He should just stay tf home
I mean, I have sort of said it before in a really joking way. But now i'm worried it may be a problem
I feel like if he wants help he should find it himself
he has completely isolated me from ppl i care about
Well, one time he got drunk and kept calling me ugly in a joking way while we were at a party with a group of new ppl. He seems to have an agenda to embarass me.
I think I have to ask him to get help and withdraw my friendship, completely if he chooses to continue the way he is.
Thank you very much
Yes, I guess I just wonder if I should include our other friends
Is it betrayal if i tell them that he has been drinking excessively?
I do. care. I'm also fed up.
No I feel like i know what I need to do.
Thank you so much
Hi
i am feeling ok, how about you
I am feeling depressed
trying to find a job during this covid time, it's really hard
I am trying all the job sites, i am subscribed to them so i get emails every day. I am either unqualified or inexperienced
Yes. i won't give up of course, but i am very anxious about bills and my rent. i am a single mother with 1 daughter
No, money is a big issue. I have no extra for courses.
That is a good idea but I am very claustrophobic when i wear a mask (makes my anxiety go way up) even though I do wear the mask when i go out. I wish I could find more jobs to do from home, that is my dream.
i know i am trying to stay positive, its just a struggle every day
I have tried a few meditation apps on my phone, i never know if i am doing it right
Thank you for chatting with me and for your great ideas and helpfulness, it made me feel better.
Thanks again, you stay safe too. :)
Hello. I am so broken up and also disgusted from my break-up with my only long-term partner.
I was so surprised by the hurtful things he said when we broke up I just don't know how to even manage my feelings about all the time we spent together.
Well, I suppose for him it came out of nowhere. But for me I just had slowly come to the realization that he was not the person for me. I fell out of love with him slowly and grew more annoyed by a lot of his behaviors.
To me we were fighting a lot, and about dumb stuff like whether or not a salad is a meal.
And I realized that we were fighting so much because I wanted him to eat healthier and be healthier and he was not going to change and it wasn't even right for me to change him if he didn't want help.
So, I am sure he felt attacked and unattractive and so he lashed out at me.
I think I did the right thing, not just for me but for him. It isn't fair to keep dating someone just because being single is hard. I just still get weird lingering feelings wondering if he was right and maybe I am too much for a lot of people. I don't think he is right, and my friends disagree but it still hurts and I can still hear him tell me no one would ever love me.
No, I don't think I have any regrets.
Yeah? I suppose people just say things when they are hurt.
Thank you. Hopefully someone who doesn't fight over whether salad is valid dinner choice!
haha yeah!
Yeah. I think things will work out eventually.
Thank you, you are a really supportive listener.
Hi my company laid off 10% of the workforce yesterdsy and I'm worried I
I'm next
Yeah, I'm really nervous about what's happening. Based on who they let go, I think I'll be next because of tenure and experience level.
Well it's a mix of tenure and department. They also furloughed another 10% of the workforce as well so we're 20% smaller now
No and we are in a worse position. My wife was laid off from her job 3 months ago. I'm the only breadwinner right now
Yeah my wife filed and we just started getting it but it's nowhere what she was making of course. But yeah we can at least pay the electric bill and stuff.
I'm an owner. What kind of programs?
oh ok that's a good point. I will definitely go look for it after this discussion
yeah how can I make more money on the side?
it's sort of why I'm here but it is so hard finding anything good
oh cool, that's good to know. Well, I appreciate all your help. I hope you and your family stay safe during the holidays!
I haven't tried Instacart but I did sign up for Uber but it's been hard to get gigs. It's really cutthroat out there
Good morning to you
I am not fine at all
Presently my salary was cut off
Since four month a ago and now the company is planning to layoff some staffs
No there is nothing anybody can do about the situation
We are all praying not to affect us
Ok maybe I will just do that, but I don't think it is easy to do because they have explained the situation to all staffs
Thanks for your concerns, but what I am scaring for now is how I am going to secure another job in this time of pandemic
Thanks that is what I was thinking about but the fear of shortage of jobs in US is not easy
Because of COVID-19 many people have loss their jobs
Thank you for every thing I will try to reach out for hiring agencies for new job
Bye for now.
I'm good thank you, how about you?
Yes, I don't know what to do anymore, I'm just lazy on everything. I don't have any motivation anymore
I don't know, I don't even talk to my family anymore, I'm just at my room watching and playing all the time.
I do still to my friends though through voice call, that's the only thing I've been doing lately play games with them
still talk*
yeah the pandemic too affected me but this was going on before the pandemic
I know but I don't have the courage to do so, I'm kind of shy, really shy.
I know I should seek help, but I don't have the guts, what should I do to have the will to do it?
I know, I should set aside my pride and seek help, I hope I muster the courage to do it
Okay, thank you for your time, I really appreciate it ;)
Have a good day
likewise
I feel heavy pressures from my parents, they also want me to be the top of the class but I find it tough because they are other top students
Please what do I do?
Hello?
Not so good, I'm feeling down
My parents keep putting pressures on me to be the best in the class and with my learning difficulties I am finding it had to cope
I have tried, I am even doing extra classes but they still keep on putting pressure on me. On top of that all my friends have distant from me for no reason and they ganged up on me to bully me
Hmm...That doesn't seem like a bad idea. I am just worry that my parents will not be very understanding. My parents are too strict and they don't like to hear any complaints or excuses.
Maybe you're right! Although, my parents have a very busy schedule but fingers crossed when I do find time to talk to them they will understand me.
I sometimes feel like someone older needs to talk to them, maybe then my parents may take it more seriously
Well! Thanks I give what you said a go
Yes! I feel a lot better now that I know someone understands how I feel
One more thing
How should I respond to the friends that are ganging up on me?
Hmm..interesting because now that I think about it, I believe this could have contributed to the stress and anxieties that I have been experiencing. When I don't get support from anyone I feel so alone, timid and down
Yes, I find that has helped me a bit also because I have quite a short attention span . Also, I am currently on the path of trying to find more unique techniques to help revision more fun and exciting for me
Thank you very much! I feel much better now and I've taken on board what you said, hopefully there will be a positive change in my parents character. :)
Alright! Well I'll talk to you some other time to give an update
Thanks you too! :)
Hello
I'm ok, feeling so overwhelmed
lately there has been a project at work in which extra help is required. the volume of things i have to take care of has increased, and my manager doesn't seem to care
i have sent her a spreadsheet showing how the project has increased my workload, but she brushes it off.
it sucks that i'm working so hard and yet my paycheck does not support my basic needs.
that is a very good idea
maybe it is time to include her manager
the other thing that has become an issue is her ridiculing me in front of others
there have been a number of incidents in which she has singled me out, and it has left me feeling disrespected
i have reached out to HR regarding these incidents but they seem to be uninterested
i no longer want to come to work but i don't have a choice
i was vague with my initial contact to HR
maybe, i'm not sure. it feels like everyone is afraid of my manager but yet no one will speak up
i have considered it, but due to the pandemic, everything is on freeze
i'm withdrawing from the work and that's bad. i still care about the work, but the toxic environment is messing with me mentally
that's a good idea!
it might be worthwhile to try that approach
thank you for that advice!
i appreciate you sharing thoughts on my situation.
take care!
Hi. I have been better.
Im just feeling blue lately.
Im worried about the pandemic mostly. Im feeling anxious and alone.
I have. Its been awhile since I have seen my family. I havent seen much of my friends either.
I do but its not the same. Im just feeling lonely and sad. Watching these radicals and liberals is not helping me either.
I like your advice. Im definitely cutting back on the social media. It just adds to my anxiety and depression.
Yum. Sounds nice . I wish my pool was open.
I hear you. Thanks for the great advice. I wish I wasnt alone though.
You are right. I think I will just focus on me and my mental health.
Thanks 
have you ever failed a test?
how did it make you feel?
I failed a math test, and was really depressed about this situation. it was my final. I barely passed the class. the teacher graded ont he curve.
I failed the written part of the driving test when i was 16, i was upset about that as well. took 3 times to pass it
so, did you ever pass the test
right, but still it was a hard pill to swallow knowing that i didn't pass it on my own, i needed the weight of the class to pull me up
I was, and I am still feeling really upset about passing on my on. I currently enrolled in another math class. Im hoping that this ends differently.
I guess I can try that, i usually just eat and avoid my math work until the last minute. I am an emotional eater.
i like walking my dog, that usually gives me sometime to reflect and to stay optimistic about math. I have a great family support because my family knows how much I want to become a math teacher.
Thanks for all the positive advice.
i know thats why im so stress.
stressed
bye
maybe so. Thanks!
Hi. how are we doing tonight?
Not so good unfortunately.
This pandemic, how it has affect my life. I feel very stressed out for my future.
No, not really. Though, I am taking medication for my depression.
I would say it's been helping. Not much just reading to past the time.
Not really that interesting, just to past the time. Any suggestions to past the time?
Current no. I am just trying to get by. Fear that I'll lose my job.
Well half of them are already fired. Fear I'll be going next.
Thanks for the positive vibes. I fear that the economy will get worse. My anxiety is kicking in.
Ok. I will definitely try that.
hi
I am going through some depression.
thank you for that. I am depressed due to the COVID pandemic. Stuck in the house for long time.
Moreover, I have some deaths in the extended family due to COVID.
yea, just trying to keep the spirit up and this depression keeps coming..
Not really.. what would you suggest?
Was it helpful?
I might look for someone like that..
Thank you.
One other quick question.. was it in-person or remote?
I will .. thank you
Hi, I'm feeling pretty lonely today and don't have friends I can reach out to.
I have my husband, but with COVID he's the only person I've really had interactions with lately. He's great, but it's just not the same as having a friend to turn to. I feel every time I reach out to the friends I do have they are too busy with their families to talk.
Yea, I do comment on their social media and follow up with their lives there. I do not actively post about my own life because we have been extremely cautious with covid as I am high risk, so we don't even go grocery shopping. I think I am just feeling fatigued of being stuck inside, which makes me feel sad about everything else.
Yes, I am awaiting my turn for the vaccine and I am very much looking forward to getting it so I can get back to some normalcy. I miss being able to go shopping or sitting in a coffee shop. These activities helped me in the past, so I look forward to being able to get out and do them again. I used to visit my friends too and we'd have lunch or coffee at their house, but obviously I haven't been able to do that lately. I will be able to once I get the vaccine.
That's so exciting for you! I am hoping I will be able to get mine in the coming weeks. I've definitely been looking forward to getting it. I decided a week ago that I would get a puppy as a companion. So I am looking forward to that, but he will not be coming home until the beginning of May. But you're right I need to look forward to the things that will bring me happiness even though it's hard right now.
I love walking outside. We had a 60 degree day not too long ago and I went outside immediately to walk. My mood was better that day than it has been in months. I am definitely looking forward to spring, which is quickly approaching now! I have to say, I appreciate you pushing me in the direction of thinking positively and looking forward to the future, it's something I definitely lost my grasp on for a little while.
You're definitely right I have a lot to be excited about. I like the idea of setting goals each day. Now that the weather is slightly nicer I think going for a daily walk is a good idea. Also, definitely preparing for puppy and getting an area set up and arranged for him is a great idea. I find myself mindlessly scrolling the internet many days so reading a book is also a great idea.
That's a good point, maybe an e-mail as that is something they may check when they have some down time, where as when I text I feel a lot of times they look at it and are busy and then forget to respond. But if they sit down and are checking their emails maybe they will have time for a quick response.
I think they probably are, most of them have quite young children and it's been hard not being able to connect with their family or have play dates for their kids for much of the year. I hope we can all gather again soon. It seems like things are moving in the right direction finally.
Yea that had to be tough on the kids in school. And the teachers. I can't imagine being a kid in school going through all of this. I just want to say thank you so much for all of your help today and really giving me a push in the right direction. I'm not sure if it was just getting to chat with someone other than my husband or the advice you gave, but I am feeling more positive.
Thanks and I hope you have a good day :)
Thank you!
just graduated university and my parents are pressuring me to pursue becoming a doctor
I'm angry. I just want to be done school. but parents are on my butt about it.
they get mad at me and say they are dissapointed. I want to travel and see the world. not more schooling.
They won't take a compromise. parents are stubborn. What should i do? please parents or pursue my passion?
Yeah i'm leaning that. i already graduated university. i fulfilled half of their dream. you think telling them my honest opinion will be a good idea?
thanks great advise. i will definitely be prepapred. i don't care if i dissapoint them. it's my life not theres. i'll live with the consequences
Thank you. yeah i get that. but they should be happy for me. They cant make decisions for me all the time. let me free!!!
Thank you. at least someone agrees with me. Do i have the right to be angry at them?
Good advice. you are great at this.
Thank you for the great talk. im not as angry anymore. will take there feelings into consideration
Thanks have a good day.
Hey. I'm doing fine. I guess really stressed.
My parents are kinda putting a lot of pressure on me to continue my education. I already got my bachelors, and I'm ok with getting my masters. But I really don't know if I want to get my Doctorate.
I'm in a major that I kind of like. I'm not ambitious about.
I honestly don't know what I want to do in life. I don't really know anymore what I actually like. My parents really pressured me to choose what they thought is best ever since I was young.
It's really hard to make delicious on my own now when someone has been telling you something all thought your years.
I'm sorry you felt the same way. It sucks :/ I feel a lot of pressure to please them, and I'm scared to voice my opinion.
because whenever I try to talk to them, they always shun me down saying I don't know any better.
I am actually very far away from them! ( a different county to be exact). But I skype with them regularly. Because you know parents miss you.
But I still feel like I have to please them and make decisions based on what I say. I guess it's like abuse but it a different context. I always worry that what I do may not please them.
I do. It's kinda complicated because when COVID hit I lost my job and they were supportive saying they would help me out until I got back on my feet. They don't hold that against me, thankfully.
I have. Let me explain more
Thank you : ) I went to therapy for 4 years when I was away from them. 2 months ago I got the courage to talk to them about how I felt. It was to a point where I couldn't function anymore. They listened and said they are sorry. And it was all good for a while until it seems like they went back to the same thing again.
I come from a family who don't have a lot of ambitious in life. Talking about my cousins and aunts. So my parents really focused on my to be the perfect individual.
My dad also regrets not being able to continue his studies because of my grandparents wrong doings. He had to leave school.
Academically and musically. IDK other talents I guess.
Like as a whole human being I should be perfect.
Ok. Thank you for your time. Have a good one.
Oh sorry. I thought I just did.
I am doing ok. How are you?
I have been struggling for motivation to do anything the past couple weeks. This is a really hard time of year for me. I lost my cousin in a car accident at the age of 14 in a car accident coming up on 20 years this year. We were very close. I was 17 at the time. Her was an alcoholic and my parents raised her a majority of her life. Then 3 years ago 5 days after her death anniversary I lost my boyfriend at the age of 32 in a car accident. I dread the holidays.
You are exactly right. The year my cousin got killed her mom was hungover so I went and picked up my cousin and her little brother to take them to our grandparents house for Christmas dinner. She died 4 days later on Dec 29th. And my boyfriend it was his first day back to work after the New Year. He died on Jan 3rd.
I usually go all out for the holidays to try to hide my depression every year. This year I just can't bring myself to enjoy them. I have even bought one christmas present.
My cousin doesn't live around here and we have never been real close. He is alot younger than me. We just never had the connection like his sister and I did. And both my grandparents have passed away. Grandpa has been gone for 12 years and Grandma has been gone for 4 now.
My family has always been really good about talking about our loses. Things just will never be the same.
They say it gets easier. And I agree it does. Things just have changed so much. I miss how life was before I lost them.
I love giving gifts. And I always put lots of thought into the gifts I give. My nieces and nephews can't wait every year to see what I got them.
This year I am tie dying hooded sweatshirts. I make tshirts for a hobby. And to tell you the truth thats the only gifts I have gotten so far. My oldest daughter turned 18 this year and lives with her boyfriend so its just me and my 15 year old daughter. She struggles with depression/anxiety as well. Her dad has been in jail for some stupid actions since August. She has had to deal with him being an addict pretty much her whole life. I think we are both missing how the holidays were with her sister still living at home. Too much change in our lives in such a little time frame.
They will love them. A couple years ago I put their names on fleece blankets when I worked at an embroidery shop. They absolutly loved them!
Just the normal traditions. My oldest daughter will be here for Christmas morming. Then we go to my parents.
Thank you for chatting with me tonight! I hope you have a good rest of your night.
Hi. I'm okay at the moment, how are you?
Just feeling really bad lately. Like nothing I do is enough. Like I'm not a good mom to my kids. Like nothing I do is right.
It's fine, no need to apologize
My children's father is in jail right now and even if he wasn't, I wouldn't be comfortable leaving them with him for any period of time. They're five and one, so they don't go outside without me. I don't have too many people I can leave them with. Everyone I know works and is busy with their lives, I feel guilty asking them.
For a long time, even before my ex left us
Yes, I do and thank you. It's so hard. I never thought I would be doing it by myself and sometimes I feel like I have no idea what I'm doing and that what I am doing is wrong.
Sometimes, I feel like I'm losing my mind
They do ask about him sometimes and I tell them that he can't come and see us right now, but for the most part, I don't think they even notice. They definitely notice when he is around, and then they get upset when he leaves.
Yes, it does. I'm not sure if those feelings are good or bad.
He wasn't really here all that much before he officially left so by the time he did, they were used to him being gone
Hi :)
pretty good, stressed about finals but not bad otherwise. How about you?
Yeah, I'm making sure to spend plenty of time relaxing and dong things I like in between studying. Also making sure to eat enough and get plenty of sleep too
Yeah, it can be difficult to convince myself that being good to myself isn't just me being lazy. I've gotten a lot better at this during the quarantine though!
I have enjoyed that aspect a lot. It has definitely been tough being isolated from my friends though. I wish America would've just handled this properly :(
Yes, video chat has been good. A lot of my interactions were like that before anyways, so it has gotten pretty stale though.
It's just me and my small family. I was at college but moved home a few weeks ago. At school we were just as isolated though.
Yeah, I always try and remember that I've got it pretty good in these times
Nope Its just really tough to see it keep dragging on with no end in sight
I am mean. I do not know how to stop judging people
people hate me
because I have no friends.
and I hate people
true. but I am trying to not hate people. but people keep making me hate them
wise words. thanks. I was thinking about moving to another city so that I can start fresh. no clothes. no me
did you know that the average person reads at a grade six level?
somewhere warm
they say that you can only relate to someone on levels of one degree (i am making up a measurement for example) you as a master's student can only speak to (and be heard from) a person with a degree, not a high school diploma
if everyone (most) has grade six then I cannot relate to most people
That is hard for me. but I agree with this advice. how do you play actress/actor.
thanks for being there for me to rant on
bye
I am worried my child is falling behind in school.
His scores are not in line with where he should be.
He is in 4th grade.
Ok. Average to below average. He has a good heart but he just doesn't like school.
I worry that he is falling behind. I think he will be ok but I also worry about him.
We have talked about a month ago. His current teacher is out with a medical condition so with remote learning and and her being out, it has been tough.
Yeah. Do you have children? Have you gone through this in the past?
We have gotten him tutors in the past and it helps. I am not sure I could do a tutor with COVID-19.
I have. He has been ok with it but he gets frustrated when he gets pushed. I am trying to figure out where that line is and not upset him.
Yes, we get progress reports and the areas he needs help in.
I have talked with him. I think I just need to be more firm with him. I just don't want the fights!
He can have huge blow ups. I guess I just need to put on my big boy pants and deal with it.
Ha! I just bribed him yesterday with a video game if he aces his upcoming tests. Thanks for your help!
I will, thank you.
Dark situation
I can do better
What do you think?
Perhaps its all in my head.
Or maybe Im expected to feel a certain way.
I can try to ignore it.
Sometimes that is hard.
I will look to positive experiences
That way once the darkness takes off.
I will be free again.
What do you think?
Perhaps Im alone in this support chat
Thats okay. I will get better.
For all our sakes. But mostly my own.
Listening is good.
Being heard.
No echos in the dark.
I think I dont belong.
Just a while.
Sometimes feels like I work so hard. To the point of exhaustion. And yet never get anywhere.
Not sure
Hard to be sure. Certainty is in short supply.
Yeah progress is all one can hope for. A little every day. Win an inch to win a mile. But having the stamina to keep at it seems difficult.
Like taking so much risk just for a big win ya know. And that win is still a long way out of sight. But I keep trying because I know if I dont it wont go away.
Hi, I am looking for someone to talk to
I feel very lonely and depressed. I see no point to live
I have no friends or family by my side
You must be a lucky person. I do not see anything in myself what could keep me going. I do not understand how others cope
I used to liked reading, now I just stare at TV without even realising what is on
Feel like crying now
Thank you for your kind words
Do you have any suggestions? It is so hard to think of something when you are locked home
Thank you. thought if I start crying, it means that I am failure
It feels good to talk to someone. I am glad I started talking about my problems.
Candles and music - this is my plan for the evening. I may also try to read like in old times
It was nice to talk to you. You are a great man. Only strong men can admit thay cry.
*they
I am going to look for candles now :) Thanks again and I hope all of us will get over these times soon.
Be safe and healthy!
You too! By now, thank you again!
Good afternoon
I am not happy at all
I just lose my cousin for COVID-19
It a very bad year!
This person is a good person to every one I didn't pray for this at all
I feel bad I don't even know how am going to cope with my job any more
I it works
Because this thing is get out of hand
I don't even know,
For now I can't think of any, because I am totally depressed right now, I feel that the world is going to end right now
Merry Christmas to you too. Thanks.
Good bye
Ok thanks
Hi, not a good time right now. Really concerned
I just need someone to listen. I want to know everything will be ok
I really hope things get better sooner than later
Since CORONA I have had to quit working my second job and become a full time stay at home parent. This is causing our family a loss of considerable income and with everything going on right now in the world it makes it even more worse.
I'd like to think this will be over sooner than later, but it's hard to really think about it. I was a merchandiser for retail stores.
I had been a stay at home parent before so our family was used to one income for a long time. It was nice to not always have to stress about money since I was working again. It seems the stress is a lot more now though because of everything going on in the country.
I'm always concerned about scams. There are so many untrustworthy places that I hate putting myself and my information out for others to get who aren't honest.
Oh thats really encouraging. I will definitely look into that.
I never thought about the unemployment office. I know so many people are worse off than me that I almost feel guilty to reach out. I really appreciateyour trips
tips
That's very true!
hi
i am in need of money, help financially, all my family don't even think of me
you are right
time is seriously hard, I'm thinking of other way to make money, before i finish my study
ok
i am in school and do a little 2 hours work
which could not fetch me enough money, I need to pay bills, feed myself and pay school fees. I want to try mturk or do u have any other means of getting another income which is more better than mturk ?
I need to start living like an orphan
they are just callous and selfish. I can't be working for them as a house boy.
pinecone! what is the procedure
I moved out from the fucking house before pandemic
ok
ok , Reddit?
OK
Thanks for your time
I'm ok I guess, but I'm pretty stressed out.
I have a final exam tomorrow, and it has me really stressed out. If I don't get at least a B I'm not going to pass this class.
I do. There is a study group of people in my class. I am preparing really well but I've struggled with this class so much that I still get really worried.
Yes, that's right. I feel like I could literally study 24 hours a day and it won't be enough. It's hard to know if the information is really getting into my head, and if I'm actually understanding it all.
I have tried that. And it does kind of help in the moment. It's when I get back to studying that all of the anxiety sets in. And it gets worse as it gets closer to the test. If I'm not studying, I feel guilty that I'm taking a break.
And I try to remember that, too. And I know that's right. But in the moment I feel guilty, so it's so hard for me to relax taking a break.
Yes. Once my head is in this stressful mode, it's hard to break free.
I have. And that does help in the moment. It's always when I get back into the actual studying that it's a problem. I think getting the test over with is the only thing that will help.
Yeah, definitely. I'm just worried about the test.
I agree \.
It did - thank you.
yes
My wife is having medical issues and is unable to help me
I need help on so many things
The support of my wife has become very clear to me
I am not lonely, just needing a way to be independent.
W@ould like to know what to do to be more independent.
Support in the community is not evident, would like to find associations.
What would you do.
Travel is a problem for Church involvement.
There are issues with people at church.
Need support that is meaningful and compasionate.
I will keep looking. there has got to be help.
The need to continuen is clear, something has got to be available.
Things like appointments are required, how do you get to them?
Thanks for your help. You have good suggestions.
Bye
Good afternoon, Would you be able to assist me?
I broke up with my partner 1 month ago and now I don't really want to meet with my friend anymore.
We had friends in common and I feel they liked her better than me.
I have a fear they laughing at me behind my back, you know what I mean?
I don't know how to explain. I have a feeling everybody even on the street are laughing because of my breakup with partner.
No, not really. I think it's just my feelings about it. Because you know my ex on a public was so perfect but nobody knows how she acted when we were alone...
Good you understand me
One friend offered me to go for a drink tonight but I haven't replied yet. And also I don't want to talk about my ex at all, that's what I am afraid he can ask.
Yes that's true. I believe he might understand me and accept my request. Would be quite challenging if we will meet my ex wth other friends in same pub. I live in a small town.
Well that's would be quite strange as we usually meet only for drinks.
I will give it a go and see what happens. I will text you tomorrow to let you know how it went
That's good tip, thanks
I think that's it for today. have a lovely afternoon
Hello. I wanted to talk about my academic pressures.
Just lots of classes and expectations. Especially with group projects.
Needed someone talk to about my stress and workload. I don't know what to do with these horrible group members.
Yes. I have roughly 3 different classes all requiring a group project.
I agree. I also just don't know which project to proritize
Yep.
What should I do to relax my mind?
Not yet, I am scared to tell my family, considering that they view academic success heavily
With friends, most are busy with their own struggles and I don't want to be bothering them as much
Totally. Feels pretty tiring and heavy
Maybe, but it feels scary and very awkward to seek them
thank you for understanding and talking with me
It really helps to get this off my chest
ya it does help
Nothing really.
Thanks for the conversation!
Hello, I need some advice as I have a depression as I found out my wife cheated on me with my friend
I am depressed a little bit, feel devastated.
I can't sleep at night proverly as well. Feels like all my friends are talking about me
I've never tried yoga before, how exactly does it helps?
I can try tonight but don't know where to start. Do you know ny resources where to get instructions for yoga to make depression go away?
Ah ok I will try thanks. Anything I can do at work? As I feel unfocused all the time and thinking about betrayal and divorce.
Unfortunately I have no time, I wake up at 5 AM and my shift starts at 6. I just feel that all my colleagues have talks about me all the time behind my back.
Should I try to date somebody or it is too early how do you think?
I know one woman is really into me at work but I am quite not into her, only consider as a friend
My wife already moved out and divorce probably will take few month, I guess I still love her
ok, thank you very much for you help and assistance. Will try yoga today
Thanks gain.
i am extremely stressed outat work
at *
I can barely switch off from work
yes that is correct ! Due to the pandemic, barely any jobs are available . it is very hard to find anything
absolutely! Too many people are of a furlough scheme, but the work load is still the same ! it is absolutely manic ! i am working 4 departments at once
My boss believes that I should just take the workload as it is. I dont know what to do.
I hope so, I am very scared to lose my job, as my boss says I am not capable to do my work if i get stressed out so easily
Do you think I am better off finding something else or at least try ?
oh absolutely ! Do you think I should try out medication to help with stress?
I will give this a go! Are there any home remedies I can try ? I can barely get hold of my doctors, it is so hard to get an appointment!
sadly we are not alowed to go out in this pandemic , it is so hard to keep social .
Thank you for your advice, very halpful ! Thank you
Hi. Im feeling really depressed lately
I just feel like no one I work with really likes me or cares about me
I just feel like no one talks to me and if I try and talk to them they are very dismissive
I feel like I go out of my way to help people and I remember their birthdays and I try and be nice to them but no one ever does the same for me
I think from now on Im just going to focus on myself and my family, Im not gonna out of my way to be nice to my coworkers, Im just going to treat them as coworkers not as friends and just keep to myself
I always feel like you have to be a friend to have friends, but Im tired of being the only one putting effort in and getting taken advantage of
I just feel like they just expect me to do things for them now and when I do it, its no appreciated because they just know I will do it.
Yeah, Im working on taking care of myself more than worrying about everyone else. I think the holidays make it even harder to set the boundaries
Thank you! You have been very helpful. I think that will be my goal! Start learning to say no and dont feel guilty about it. I think I am going to lower my expectations from other people and just start treating people as they treat me!
I think I just need to learn a new approach to how I handle my dealings with other people.
Thanks for your help
Hello, I've had trouble with depression all my life but it hasn't been so bad in the past few years. But lately, with the pandemic, I seem to be sinking lower and lower
Well, I'm still taking my medication, but now, I seem to be anxious all the time.
I really haven't been anxious for over 20 years, but this year has made me a mess!
It's great to talk to someone who actually knows what it feels like!
I've had friends to tell me, "just snap out of it"
It isn't, but I guess it's because they don't really know what *depression* feels like.
Really? What do you do? Maybe they could help me.
Yes!! Talking to someone who doesn't know what it feels like REALLY makes me depressed!
I'm wondering if it is the pandemic that is making me feel worse?
I haven't been exercising nearly as much since March. Maybe I need to start walking again.
I have a friend who did get it and almost died. He is 40 and pretty healthy. His wife and daughter got it too. They just had flu-like symptoms, but he was in the hospital for 9 days.
That was almost 3 months ago and he is still feeling the effects of it.
I like your idea of changing thoughts. That would help keep me from "going down the rabbit hole!"
I had a bad cough and got tested several weeks ago just in case. But I didn't have it.
LOL! That's great! I'll have to remember that "feelings are like the tail of the dog"! That's a cheerful way of thinking about it!
Yes, I think walking, changing my thoughts, praying, and taking care of myself will really help. Yes! You've really helped me out.
I just turned 64 and my husband is 69. He is really, really healthy because he takes care of himself so well.
He has a handicapped younger sister and he always wanted to be around to take care of her. So he has always taken care of himself!
Thanks so much!
I'm so sad all the time.
Nothing in particular, I'm just so sad.
I do have some family members with depression.
Maybe I should make an appointment.
You make a good point. What type of doctor could I see?
I can do that. Are there any doctors that deal with emotions?
I'm worried about the stigma of going to a shrink.
Well in that case, if it can help it may be worth a try.
Thank you for the encouragement.
No thank you. I think I have some strategies to move forward.
Hi! I am trying to find a new job for long time. There is no success in it
I am not a good driver
I was working in an IT company as a program analyst
I am really having hard time to get one
The reason is recession or might be COVID.
I am stressed
I don't have any pet so no experience with it
I am not worried financially . I am feeling depressed by trying again and agian, never happened with me before
There are recreational parks, and trails near by
I love my career just getting bit demotivated
Thanks for letting me know. I would definitely do search
That was all! Thanks for all your support
Have a wonderful New Year ahead! Bye
Well, I am depressed.
And it is Christmas.
I am still having bad flashbacks from War in Iraq
Can you help?
Um, hello.
Are you there?
Well, can you help me? Why did you step out?
Do you smoke? A smoke break?
Yes, I am a veteran.
Oh, that is good.
There is no need to destroy your organs with nasty tobacco
I just keep having flashbacks of the war zone.
Oh, that is good that you can relate.
They called me "Camouflage.' I was a bold Marine, but now my head is in the war....still
Yeah, I just need to get over my depression somehow.
I need to shake my thoughts of the Hot Zone.
Yah know?
Ok
I am glad to talk with you.
Lots of my Marine buddies have had PTSD. Women and men alike.
Women are also joining the Marines....
I know.....but do you recommend anything?
Meditation or some other form of therapy?
How does that help? I am interested in learning more....
Wow. Have you worked with Veterans at all?
Well, that sounds like a great way to help with my deoression.
Thanks.
Well, I think your conversations have given me hope with my depression. I can see myself listening to good music.
Nice talking to you.
Merry Christmas.
Hey, I'm good. Doing well, how are you today?
My girlfriend and I have been very distant from one another, we do have crazy work schedules and she also goes to school.
We have been together for 5 years, but lately we have been distant. A few text here and there but I feel like we don't enough effort and it feels weird between us.
We live apart, I think thats the issue. She lives with her family and is closer to her school. Also due to covid and schedule, we are not able to meet in person. We tried virtual, but it takes time and its not really intimate.
I think thats the main issue, I'm trying to make it work and I think she is as well; but its hard. I'm not sure what to do. How to cope?
We talked about it briefly, but havent spoke about in great detail. I'm just scared, that if we do, maybe we realize its not worth it and breakup.
It is a major issue since we live in NY and NJ, they are strict about lockdown and closing everything. I think its mostly work schedules , we become to tired to video chat. I feel video chatting takes more effort than just being together naturally.
A few times a week. Do you recommend anything? Just have the talk and accept whatever happens. I just dont want to keep on wondering.
Yeah I understand, maybe I should put in more effort because I have less of the crazy schedule. Maybe send her things or send her messages. I feel that she is just working too hard, and maybe is tired and cant make the effort. i should be there and support her virtually if thats what it takes.
I think thats a good idea, I can do that. Maybe be make her day and feel better.
Thank you for helping, I probably thought too much of the situation and I'll put in the effort to make it work!
Feel a lot better now.
Thanks, have a good day!
hello
i am worried about my friend
he is bipolar, went off his meds, is sick and won't get help
i am not sure....but he has gone manic, super hyper, and says he doesn't need his mads any more, he just doesn't want them
so i can't help him get a refull no...
i'm not sure how to help him, i've told him my concerns but he says he is just fine (he is not)
i don't know who his doctor is...i tried talking to his sister, she said the hospital can't help him unless he goes there, and he does not want to
for sure
i'm not sure how to help someone who doesn't want help, you know? so basically i am just stuck with all this worry, i care about him
she told me she doesn't want anything to do with him, apparently he goes off his meds a lot, and it has been super hard on the family...they can't handle it
hey that's a good idea!
I'd have to be sneaky....go visit him and hunt around....but I could try that
its got me so worried it is affecting my sleep
hmm okay, i can try that
i will try to! I think you're right though that the doctors office is the best place to call, thankyou for that suggestion
its tricky....with human rights they don't just haul people to hospital any more against their will lol
hmm i can't think of anything....but it really helps to get this off my chest and to have a plan of action, thank you
its sad his family has given up on him
but i guess everyone has their limits
aw thankyou
i hope you have a good evening, thanks again, bye
good, how are you doing?
have some issues on life matters !!
I'm afraid of what happens to my carrier because of this COVID?
IT!!
Sorry!! yes it career!!
COVID affected me my financial status and have more debts
Its not permanent.
Thanks for listening to my problems.
Yes.
I'm looking forward to start a own business.
Yes i hope so. i'll start planning
small scale business like taking up projects from outsourcing.
Information technology.
Yes i would like to search it in my place. Thank you for the information
Yes.
I'm in West Virginia USA
Thank you it helped talking to you.
Hello
Not really. I have been sad for a while.
I found out that my boyfriend who I thought was serious with me got involved with someone else.
It was going on for couple of months but I only found out last week.
We were together for over a year but we got serious quickly. At least that's what it seemed like because he talked marriage.
Absolutely. He said all the right words. But I guess he did the same with this other girl.
She was actually his ex but he told me they were done.
He was. Except she still doesn't know about me.
No children.
It is very hard for me because I feel lost. He was a huge part of my life and I thought my future. Now I don't know what to do.
Not my first love but the first guy I talked marriage with. He still talks to me. It is kind of hard when you are used to talk a lot every day for over a year.
His family member was a friend of mine.
I think he does but it is more convenient to be with his ex.
Yes it has. We are in different countries and his ex is in the same country as him.
Thank you. I hope it will get easier with time. It just takes me a long time to fully trust someone and this experience just made it a lot worse.
I think I will go stay with my family for some time. That way I won't feel lonely and I won't miss my ex as much.
True. At least I can rely on my family.
Yes thank you for the encouragement.
It did. I needed to talk to someone about it and I needed some encouragement.
Thank you for listening to me and thank you for your help.
Will do. Thanks again, you have yourself a Merry Christmas too.
Hi, I am having a tough time processing a correct decision today
A few weeks ago, my lover and I decided to stop our affair. It is the right choice for him because he feels he should work on his marriage. I admire that, yet It is very lonely for me right now
It was a fantastic experience. we were together for 3 years. I am not mad at him, he's a good guy. He was separated when we met. But as all life, it's complicated
Yes, I had my eyes wide open during the process and he and I were very open with our communication. I can see lots of blessings but I am just so sad. Each day is a challenge to focus
I can't imagine a relationship right now
I have heard the idea of dating ones self
I haven't been out to eat for over a year due to the pandemic situation
During this time with the affair, I had the strength to leave a narcissistic spouse that abused me emotionally. I am proud of myself for that.
It has been. You are right about me focusing on solo time.
Thank you for letting me talk about this. It is a touchy topic, affairs. My heart was so loved during that time but I always told him that if he needed me to step back, I would. It has been difficult on both of us.
Being a parent, having the families meshed together, homes, work, etc.... I can understand why he feels he should try again.
thank you so much for saying that. It really means a lot to me and grounds me
you are correct, that I need to move forward for me. I deserve it. That's a concept I have been learning.
thank you for that idea. He was my muse in that relationship and I would write beautiful stories and poetry for him. Writing out my journey to the next stage of my life would be beneficail
You made me heart smile... thank you.. !! I am glad that I got to speak with you today!
Hello?
It's okay. Thank you for replying.
So I have some issues with time management.
I am trying to manage having my kids's learn virtually at home, while I'm completing my Master's, and working at night. I feel like I have to drop my Master's because it all seems like too much.
I have used those tools. With the current environment in the world, I feel like dealines are a waste of time. I'm trying to go with the flow and just set daily goals.
So you understand how the virtual learning has affected the day to day goals? I used to work during the day, complete my school work when the kids are in bed, but now everything seems so stressful.
That's a great idea! Two of my kids are old enough to work independently most of the time, they are 11 and 8. However, I also have a 3 year old that requires constant attention. Unfortunately, her daycare is closed. Even more, I had to take on my nephew because his mother could not handle the virtual learning.
I never even thought of support groups. It would help to connect with other moms, just to remind myself that I am not alone in this. Thank you so much. You also have a busy bee on your hands!
Definitely have to go with the flow. They make life wondefully unpredictable. Thank you and those are fantastic ideas. I'll have to create a naptime, that would be the most helpful.
Thank you so much for the wonderful advice. I will be looking into support groups, 2020 has definitely been a shake up for the whole world. I truly appreciate your support! Your kids are blessed to have you.
Hi there I was hoping you can help me.
Well you see I am heartbroken and I can't seem to move on from a previous relationship, and its been over two years. Do you have any advice?
Well I would say mentally because I frequently think about her and constantly have memories throughout the day. Also when i hear a certain song or see a restaurant it makes me think of her.
They are a mix of both because at one point they were positive and now when I think about it, it brings me down in a negative way.
What have you done in the past to help you move on from a break up?
Yeah I agree that's what I have been doing too, and it's nice to know that you do the same.
That's a good way to look at it.
Well I have also not met anyone since and fear that I will not fall in love again.
hmm interesting I have never thought about falling in love with myself..maybe I will give it a try. Thanks.
I appreciate the feedback and support, you have helped me take the next step to move on with my life.
Thank you and hope to talk to you again. Have a good night.
I am anxious right now about how my family will react when I tell them I'm not coming back for the holidays
Hello?
Are you there?
Because of the health risks and also the unhealthy emotional environment with my family
Health risks are primarily the pandemic. Covid-19 cases have gotten very high where I live and my family members are not very careful.
I'm glad you said that. Yes, when I told my family that I wasn't coming, I stated health risks as the reason. But, I am worried that they may insist on me attending as we get closer to the holidays and in some ways I feel guilty because it isn't just the pandemic that makes me not want to go. I usually don't feel great during holidays with my family and I think they are harmful to me overall
Yeah, I think people deserve to build whatever home, family, or environment is best for them and shouldn't be judged for it
Yes, it made me feel powerful in some way to say no to going to holidays even if it was in the context of the pandemic
Thank you for helping me. It feels good to at least talk about it.
I am feeling frustrated. I have been looking for an alternate place to live, but I have not been able to find a place that I can afford that is close to my work.
My partner said that if I do not move out, they will put my clothes and belonging outside and change the locks. I am very upset about that.
i do not have much besides my clothes and a dresser. I would prefer to live alone, but I would consider a roommate.
My partner understands my situation and how difficult it is for me to find another place to live, but they do not care.
I have no friends. I discovered this when I started to break up with my partner. What I called my friends have turned out to be their friends instead.
i am from Texas and my family live there.
I do not have a mother or father still living, just a sister.
I am running out of time to find a place to live, and I have a small amount of money saved up. I do not think that I have enough for a deposit.
My partner said that I have until the January 1 before he will change the locks.
I work in the restaurant industry as a waiter and I have been laid off. I have not worked since October.
I live in a large city and rent is expensive. I feel sad about this.
Sometimes I do not feel like it is worth my effort. I have a hard time getting out of bed. I tend to sleep a lot.
i appreciate your kind words. I feel very alone.
I was speaking with my sister on the phone last weekend and she said that I should go to the doctor.
Unfortunately, I do not have insurance. I called and they said it would cost over $200 for an initial visit.
I am not sure about my options.
I have not thought about online counselling, I have been focused on trying to find somewhere else to live. I will look online.
I do not understand why my partner wants me to leave. I came suddenly one day about 2 months ago.
The whole break up probably has to do with drug addiction. I know that I have a problem.
I want to stop, but I am afraid. A couple years ago, I overdosed and was in the hospital for about a month. It is difficult for me to talk about it.
I need drugs to feel normal. It's sad.
I appreciate talking to you today, but I am going to go now. I will search online for help.
thank you, goodbye
I love the State Fair, and almost six months after it got cancelled, I'm heartbroken over it! I know that's trivial, but EVERYTHING I love about summer has been cancelled!
I love the animals, learning new things, picking up free stuff, eating the food, riding the rides, etc.
Thanks. I also enjoy looking at the 4-H exhibits. I HATED high school. With. Every. Fiber. Of. My. Soul. That organization kept me sane during that time.
Yes. It helped me to get away from some of the a-holes that I went to high school with.
Thanks. That gives me hope. O
, A lot of things this year have taken their toll on me. One of my cats died earlier this year; a former co-worker whom I respected died, I'm tired of wearing masks--I'm 53 years old, and I have more acne now than I did when I was a teenager. I'm tired of politics, and I'm tired of hearing my husband talk politics!
That sucks. I hope you got your money back.
Good.
I have learned to be more resourceful this year. I went full-on serious about my vegetable garden.
Yeah...at least the park's still open !
Thanks for your help.
Good afternoon
How are you
I am looking for advice to help me feel better from a horrible break up
We shared many years together and I thought forever was in our minds. But he cheated on me and I do not know just what i did wrong
a boyfriend/fiance
Just 2 weeks ago
He proposed to me on Thanksgiving day! But turns out he was not being faithful to me
It is, I just can not wrap my head around it all
I have been feeling depressed about it all, because we share so many memories together
NO! He met this person online on a secret dating site that I was unaware he was even on
I have no idea and that is part of what is killing me
No he did not, I never in a million years would have assumed because he does have this friend he talks to all the time by the name Johnnie, well turns out Johnnie is a girl
Yes we have been living together for 6 years and have a child together
Yes he is, do you have any ideas to help me cope better with this
Yes it does
Yes and my preacher has been so helpful in this situation
It is possible
Yes without my church family I would be even more depressed
Yes i will definitely try that
Thank you for your advice
That I am financially stable, and I have learned my self worth
Thank you , I will definitely try that
Yes it would. I am glad i found out before I did marry because i do not believe in divorce
I do believe that but because of this break up I feel I can trust nobody
I could imagine the pain i would feel if it was when we were married
True
Well i appreciate your time and help
I will not let him come back. I deserve better
I agree! It will just take me some time
hi! I am good. you?
Yes I have been wanting to find online jobs like this but it is so competitive
totally 1
Have you heard of Appen? They are similar to Mturk but they pay more
I still have a main job but due to big increase of my house expense, I need to work more, way more
anytime, true true
i have applied to Appen a few times, and they always say there is no position available now
ah yes, food banks, yeah I never thought about it but free food always helps.
If i lose my main job I will use it
sorry about that, but that's good, people help each other
Absolutely! Volunteering is a great spirit.
yes
how about you
Great, I agree with you completely.
I guess summer next year would be
totally!
Well, my fiance and I "sort of" broke up recently. I moved out of our place and all, but we continued to see each other at least 3X per week. And we both said we're not 100% sure that we're ok with us being done for good. - We promised to tell each other if we start dating anyone. He said he wasn't interested in dating. Three days after that conversation, I come over unexpectedly to find him making dinner for a woman I've never seen before. Turns out it was his 3rd date with her. He met her on a dating app a week before our conversation about promising to tell each other if we start dating others.
To be honest, I'd still be hurt if he told me. But now on top of that hurt, I feel disrespected... and everything I thought I knew about him is kind of crushed. We were together 6 years, and I always, ALWAYS believed he was the most honest, kind, "stand up guy" I've ever known.
Yes, that's true. The worst part is that he doesn't seem to think I have a right to be hurt. How do I even deal with someone who hurt me but doesn't care to take any responsibility whatsoever?
That's true. He didn't invite me over. I expected him to be at work that night. I was coming over to see our cats, which still all lived with him. I still had a key and it didn't occur to me that I could invade his privacy since I had been spending 3X a week with him, and he was fine with me using the key. The whole thing was a shock. I wouldn't have come in had I known what I'd find inside.
Yeah. It's a long story to explain here, but at first he told me it was a first date... then he said it was a second date... then finally he said it was a third date. I had to figure out on my own that he met her through a dating app, which makes me feel extra icky because now I kind of feel like a stalker. (Don't worry, I didn't do anything illegal or immoral to figure this out at all. He left an easy breadcrumb trail for me to follow.... but it still feels gross that I felt compelled to research the situation because I could "feel" he was lying.)
Yes. I'm not only invested in him. I have a SUPER close relationship with his two daughters. Some of the reason he wanted to see me after our "break up" is because he didn't want to tell his daughters that I might be out of their lives forever. He told me so much.
And I love those girls so much.
They're 13 and 16. They were 7 and 11 when I started seeing their dad.
That's a good suggestion. I think individual therapy might benefit me. I could ask him if he's open to couple's counseling--even if it's over, it could help with closure.
I do. I appreciate your talking the time to listen to me. Sometimes just talking about an issue can help organize one's feelings and thoughts.
That is good advice. I haven't been eating or sleeping as well as I should since this all started. I'll work on that. --- Thank you so much for your time and help and kindness. :) I wish you a great weekend!
Thank you!!! Take good care, stranger. I sincerely wish you the very best. <3
hi
I don't know how to cope with Martins anymore
I am fine anyway
WE have been friends for the past 10 years, I have been trying to ignore his fake and lie life style
he will never tell you, truth, last week we fix an appointment at the park by 4pm, you will not believe it that I waited from 4pm till 6.30pm... he will tell you I will so on be there
all kinds of lying
he will never tell you truth. If Martins is seeing red like this in your front , he will tell you is white
mmmmh
I really wish to drop this guy out of the blue but it is our business that still attach us together
He do help me collect my goods from Canada a
not really
at a time , I will not want to leave my family to go to Canada for some goods, he do go there often
that is only major thing that still bind us
I should have let he go off my life
ok
I hate lies, it really pain me if a you lie to me
yes of cause
thanks , for you time
bye
Can you help me?
I can't figure out why my friends don't understand why I want to keep a bit distant during COVID
Really? What happened?
Yes, that happened here. But they still wanted to come over despite government orders limiting gatherings.
That sounds like a good idea. Is it hard to do?
My friends want to go out all the time. How can we connect during a Skype?
Do you do any activities together over Skype?
Are there other games people can play together on Skype because I don't drink?
I just want to connect and please my friends but it is hard to not have any physical contact and only be online.
Wow, I didn't think of it that way. That puts a positive twist on it.
Thanks for your help. I feel a lot better.
Not so great. I broke up with my boyfriend a couple days ago.
Yes I have. I just do not know what to do with myself anymore.
I just do not know where or how to start the process.
I do not want to feel like this forever!
Yes. I love to read.
I do read self help books.
Not really.
I think so too i just do not know where to go from here.
I have thought about it before.
I am nervouse about it
Yes that is correct.
I think that I will always be nervous until I get to know a mental health professional that I trust and am comfortable with.
Yes, I guess you are right about that.
I just need to schedule an appointment with someone and go in and meet them face to face.
Yes I do as I have a list of all mental health providers in my area from the last time I thought about going to see one. Thank you for your time and your help!
Hello
Oh, I'm okay. I'm just tired of everything and it has me down.
Just life in general, I guess. I'm tired of covid. I'm tired of worrying about my mom and not going out and everything
She's high risk, so we have to be careful who we come in contact with. We try to limit time in public and all that. I order groceries for pickup at walmart so i dont have to go in, and my schooling is all online so i dont have to go to class.
She's been fighting cancer. She's in remission now, but her immune system is still compromised and we have to be even more careful than we usually would have to be
Yeah, we text and have group chats and stuff, and we snapchat a lot. It's been a while since I saw any of them, though. At least we have that, though.
And yeah, it's really stressful worrying about her. And she feels so bad because I can't see my friends or go in the store or to school
Yeah, it does. I don't need a lot of in-person interaction. I'm an introvert, so this was all just fine when it started. But even introverts need to be around people sometimes.
Yes, it does seem like the cycle of guilt.... I try not to let her see how much this is affecting me, but she's my mom and she can tell...
Yeah, I'm pretty good at self-analysis lol
Oh that's a really good idea! That might be something we can do. It won't be quite the same, but it's better than nothing. I'll ask my mom's doctor if that will be okay.
Thank you. Hopefully it will, and hopefully she will be able to get the vaccine soon, too.
You too!
Hi
I cannot keep up with my classes and it is making me anxious
I am taking 4 classes and I am struggling with all of them
I have to take them all right now to make sure that I graduate
My professors are trying to help they are actually being really nice. I am just having issues balancing it all honestly. I feel like I can never catch up on anything its just a lot on my plate
I think a tutor is actually a really good idea I might look into that
I am just
I am also working right not
sorry my keyboard it messing up lol
I am working right now and its a part time job but it is still a lot for me
I think getting my time management under control is also so smart to make sure I can balance everything with less anxiety
So I do actually need the money. I just moved out on my own and I have a lot of bills that I use to not have when I was living with my parents. I might be able to cut back a couple hours a week but then I might have to give up some fun things I like to do
I would like to finish this semester just because I have a job lined up for me right when I graduate where I can make a lot more money and not struggle as much financially
I do have to have the degree to start the job thats the only part that isnt great. I would love to start at that company and go to school but they wont allow it.
Luckily I just have to pass so it makes it a little less stressful
If I actually had to get a high grade oh man that would be the worst
Yeah it all seems so far away but I just have to remind myself to look at the bright side and that something great is waiting for me at the end
Thanks
I'm okay. How are you?
I've been having anxiety issues because my job is unfulfilling and I think I can do more. It's complicated though because the company I work for depends on me, and it holds me back from finding something better.
Well I work in sales at a manufacturing business. Most of my work is just paperwork and because of coronavirus most days I only have 2 hours of work but I am here for 8. So most of the day I just sit at my desk and contemplate what I could be doing instead.
Absolutely. I'm not the type of person that likes to sit around and not do anything. I like to stay busy at work so the day goes by quickly. But since it doesn't I have turned impatient which in turn gives me anxiety issues.
No I haven't yet. But I was thinking about it actually. Do you think that would be weird to do?
I think you are right and having more projects to work on would make me happy.
Hello. How are you?
Im feeling pretty down in the dumps.
I broke up with my girlfriend. We dated for over two years.
Thanks. Im trying to keep myself busy. Any suggestions?
Good idea. I thought about dating again. Do you think it is too soon?
True.
Great advice. Casual dating is a good idea. Dont want to get attached right now.
I took up running and yoga. I stopped going to the gym. What else did you do?
That is interesting. I will look into that! I just want to keep my mind off of the break up.
She not worth this trouble any way. Ill find someone better!
Definitely. I may just hook up in the meantime.
Oh yeah!
Hi. Hope that you have some good thoughts to share with me.
Cannot seem to shake the blues even though I exercise and have a friend I regularly talk with.
Yes. To handle my previous depression I self medicated and ended up going to prison. Made my situation worse. Now trying to adjust but depression is worse having lost job and social stauts
Yes, but its a vicious circle. Get blue and find it hard to strive. Unfortunately many jobs require background checks these days. Even Amazon!
Hope with the vaccine that things will look up.
Yeah. The covid thing is an additional layer of isolation and depression.
political situation in US not helping like with most recent aid bill.
BTW how do we know when this HIT is complete? Yes, striving to gain 10 lbs of lean mass.
Serenity prayer. Lord grant me.. to control ..
How about you? Holding up to Covid-19 insanity?
I'm good. How are you?
My board president is getting too involved with the staff and it is driving me nuts!
It is. He just said yesterday that he would not go to my staff but he is. Right after the meeting.
Thanks! I feel like the board, in general, is too intrusive into the day to day. I want to be helpful but by their intrusion, I Have no motivation to be helpful.
How did you handle it?
I feel like they would either blow me off or feel resentment for bringing it to their attention. Did you run into that?
I have spoken to my wife about it. She is in the same field as me.
I worry that they may say "Thanks for bringing that to my attention" and then continue doing it. If they do, I would need to look for another job as this board does not have my back.
You are right! I want to do a great job but they are making it hard to be motivated.
That is accurate. WE met with two of the members yesterday and they said the right things but then do the opposite.
Thanks. It is nice to have someone to talk with.
Have a nice day.
No. Thanks for helping me.
You too.
Not too bad, really. Just kinda pissed.
Sure, I guess "venting" is pretty much all I have that I can do at this point.
Long story short - at work, a new boss pulled all the leadership OUT of the jobs they were hired for (some more than 12 years ago - so they have lots of experience) and shuffled them all around to new jobs - all that is except the 5 oldest employees - they got moved into "non-positions". No longer supervising anyone, only doing grunt work, etc. It ticks me off and there's nothing I can do about it.
I'm working on a *possible* action - RETIREMENT from this job. Only problem is - bad time to be doing that; pressure to keep my income up until my daughter graduates college, etc.
She has a "plan", I guess, but it isn't being articulated that well, and these actions are demonstrating poor "people management" and seem to be both confusing lots of folks, and professionally insulting many others. Oh, and by the way, things are running WORSE than they were before, but it's being blamed on COVID
Problem with the "retirement strategy" is that it means going out on a limb with no job with the holidays coming up, and with COVID with no end in sight. SO, just "muddling through" the days these days, hoping better times are ahead.
Oh, no. 1 person outright quit immediately. 1 other has retired already. 1 more I know is retiring by New Years. Others are more "stuck", as they just CAN'T afford to quit OR retire. So, yeah, us "old folk" are not "happy campers"
Yep. We are sort of our own "support group", but since we are all 100% teleworking these days, we don't "see" each other, though we try to touch base through phone calls at least once a week.
Yep. Best I can hope for at this point. If I find another job to transition to, that would improve things. Until then, gotta just "keep on keeping on"
As good as it can. Thanks for your time and commiseration.
Yep, and she's actually a senior, so she'll graduate in May. But I gotta keep my motivation up until then. ;)
Thanks! I guess we'll see. Have a great evening.
Hello. What are some of the quickest ways to kill myself?
No, why bother? Everyone is just cruel. People are selfish.
Not at all. Why would I want to live in a degenerate world where millions die everyday? Be it hunger, disease, murder... Human beings are disgusting. We should go extinct.
Family? My family kicked me out of their own house 3 years ago. I am nothing but a burden for them. They would just appreciate if I died.
I have NO ONE that cares about me. Not a single being.
Are overdoses painful?
I doubt you do. You are just getting paid to be here.
What would be that next step if I asked you?
What makes you think someone as useless as me could provide any help?
That's a very optimistic view...
I guess that's a way to view it...
hi
Well is is going how about you?
i am at work today but we are on reduced hours and thats not easy since my paycheck is quite smaller
exactly, and my husband was sick for a long time and unable to work so it is very stress ful
Yes he is better, he is self employeed so he had no income whatsoever
we do but we can't egt any help from outside since for them we still make to much money but not enough to pay everything and eat and pay hospital bills
that would sum it up.
no not really.... I can only work i am at my end
It is hard to find something we live pretty rural then driving times and gas will get complicated
Hi, how are you?
I feel like one of my employees is gossiping and seeking attention of my bosses.
I am not sure. She is telling me things that by supervisor should tell me. She is saying "He told me this...".
Not yet. It just started last week. I am thinking about asking this week. He usually calls me.
Thanks. Have you tried anything that has been helpful?
Should I talk with my employee first or my boss?
That sounds like a good plan. I am only stressed because it is hurtful and my employee likes to beb the center of attention.
Yeah. I am trying to detach from it but my ego is getting hurt, which usually doesn't happen.
That means a lot. That was a nice thing to say!
I will do that the next time I speak with my supervisor. Thanks for the guidance.
hi good mronging
are you there
i lost my job and searching for that due to lost of house
i was in depression
can u help me out from that
i affected covid , so i am full scaring to go out
ha ..even though we will get affect y air .i read from news
ok thanks ,
do you know anybody working in health group depatment to refer me
hey thank you so much for your concern
i have lack of knowledge in some subject s
i need someone to assist or teach
thank you
sure , thanks you for all your suggestions
i am really very depressed
it was the incident that is break up with my partner.
but i feel very stress ful in that suitation
i have rented seperately
i reached to my friends but no use of that.
yes i am safe
yes ,but hard to over come that problem
i enjoy going to walk
it is a nice climate too
i have to divert my mind by focusing my thought from other suitaion only
i am thinking of going out for shopping.
yes really .
yes it is really wonder ful day
yes i will and have to over come
you also take care bye
Hi. My supervisor recently resigned and she reports to a board. I want her job but I am fearful the board does not see me as a viable option to replace her.
Yes. I have only been with this orgnization for about 2 years and I want to position myself as a viable candidate without seeming needy or desperate.
No. This just happened last week so I am trying to keep all of the balls in the air. I was thinking about talking with them Wednesday this week. They are meeting on Thursday.
Wow, that's really good advice. Thanks. I didn't think about updating my resume, and I really should have thought about it.
Should I talk with my coworker about it? He does not want that job.
I just don't want him to think I am trying to weasle my way in.
He does not want it. I was hoping I at least his support. He does support me. And thanks. I appreciate the insight.
That would be a good idea. I was also thinking about talking with HR about it. We're a small company so that is only 1 person.
I was also going to talk with everyone in her office, which is only 2 people. I am worried about gossip though.
I think so. I am not a gossip nor do I want to. Thanks for your help! Any other thoughts?
Thanks! I appreciate your help!
I can't seem to connect with friends much anymore.
I miss them so much, but don't know how to connect.
I did but they want to meet in person and I just can't
I've tried to but I don't think they take the COVID seriously.
It sure is. Do you have any suggestions?
That could possibly work. My friend is so much more receptive to my other friend in hearing her out. Maybe she could assist.
Yes, I'm trying my best
I think that might show I care too and be helpful.
You make a good point.
I think I'm starting to feel better about the situation and trying to be more positive.
Thank you for your help.
Hi, how are you today?
School's going badly. I really wish I had chosen a different major.
Im majoring in computer engineering. Its really #%$& hard! Everyone else is way smarter than I am.
It's kinda late to switch. I'm at the end of my third year. My parents keep bugging me about getting a job.
I wish I were in your shoes! If I change majors now, I have to redo at least a year of school, maybe more. I don't think my parents want to pay for that.
That's good to know. Maybe I can convince my parents to let me borrow some money. I don't want to be a computer engineer.
That's a good way to put it.
I've thought a lot about my options.
I've thought about take a leave of absence, switching majors, going to trade school, traveling abroad...
I talked to the school counselor. They laid out some options. It's really about money and time. If those weren't concerns, I would switch in a heartbeat.
That's a good point. Maybe we could have a Zoom meeting, even for just 15 minutes. I need to get my parents to understand my feelings.
The counselor might help me with that.
I hadn't thought of it that way. I'm so worried about schoolwork that I hadn't stepped back from the whole situation of school itself.
Thanks again for all your help! Your words have been really insightful!
Hi and good afternoon
Thank you for your time
Doing pretty good. Struggling a little
My situation involves our Daughter and Son-in-Law. He is not treating her well, rude, gaslighting and treating the dog better. He is also not very nice to our grandaughter
This is confidential, Right?
Yes, He is a nice guy to others. At home he is so different.
No, they are safe. He's, like I said, a nice guy. Our Daughter, we are very close and she would tell us.
Yes, numerous. Like I said we are close to our daughter. She wants to stay together and talks with him.
He stays for whatever reason. I wish he would talk to me, to us. We have offered.
He knows that we care about him.
We have tried this before when we visit and he appears receptive. Treats he well and then when we are gone. He falls back into he behaviour.
Thats sounds like a good idea. We have talked with them individually. Now the next step. We shall see.
Yeah consistency leads to accountability. I like the idea. Thank you.
For sure, she is our daughter and our granddaughter needs her daddy.
Thank you. I have some good ideas after chatting with you.
You, too. I appreciate your time, listening ear and advice. Take care and God Bless.
Hi there
This is a tough one. since starting a new job and being around really smart people and feeling that I can't really measure up anymore. I'm finding this really tough, I'm good at my job I'm very committed but I just don't seem to get the same results as others?
that is certainly part of it however I also feel like they have more experience than me so maybe I'm just putting too much pressure on myself?
that's nice of you to say but I also don't feel as organised. I suppose that's to be understood in a new job scenario.
Yes there are a few really nice co-workers
I think what I do is so complicated I sometimes wonder if I've been off more than I can chew. is this something you can relate to?
I suppose it's difficult to know when something is too much for you or if you need to give it more time.
Thanks he problem is I've worked really hard to get a better position and if I wasn't successful and feel like a failure. maybe I should look at it like this job just isn't for me if, like you say, I can't seem to get on after several weeks.
Yes I suppose that is true actually. Just because I'm not good at this job, doesn't mean I wouldn't be great others. I suppose it's best to give it a go and see at least then you can say you tried. have you ever put too much pressure on yourself?
Ah, so you have suffered with a similar situation. it is comforting to know the others face similar challenges and it's not just me
I think I'll give this a good few weeks and ask myself how I think I'm doing then go from there.
Thanks for the chat and your suggestions.
Thank you!
Hello
What do you think of my problem?
The problem that I am facing is that my professor would not listen to my case about my grade
It felt very bad because I was silenced and could not do anything
yeah pretty much
he would not respond to my emails and when i got the dean involved he disregarded the whole situation
Nope, I ended up learning from the situation and accepting that there are thing I just cannot change
Yes you're right
I think i have to accept that it's okay to go to the higher ups because thats what they are there for
I agree I will do it after the holidays are over because right now everything is closed
the outcome will not matter because whatever comes from it I will know that I tried everything I could
I agree thank you for the help your messages gave me reassurance that I am not in the wrong
you're right i just have to voice my concern and the rest will be up to how they want to deal with it
Hi. How are you?
I'm worried that my job is in jeopardy. I've been really anxious these past few days.
My boss has been talking about money problems at the company. In the past few months, employees have been let go because of budget problems.
I dunno. I think maybe it'll be my turn soon. Other people better than me, who have been there longer have gotten the chop.
I have been trying to do my best, but I don't think it's good enough. The company is running out of money because of the pandemic.
I've looked for a job. There doesn't seem to be much out there. Everybody else is looking too! The competition is fierce.
I'll keep applying. I've been drinking a lot to deal with my anxiety.
I'm worried that I'm drinkng too much booze. My friends sit drinking with me and tell me not to worry about work. But I can't stop worrying.
I don't even know where to start with meditation. And I can't stand that hippy yoga stuff.
One of my co-workers does yoga. He raves about it. He says all the cute girls do yoga.
I am feeling okay I am kind of stressed
How are you?
Yes I would
I am sad and even depressed about my life at the moment its hard to find a job and I am scared to open myself up to this guy I met
No
it is hard finding one
Yes they are but I at least have friends to talk to for help
Well I met him on a dating site and he lives in France but he is also turkish i dont know much about turkish men but he says he loves me and he sees something with me but i barely know we only talking for few weeks now
oh that is wonderful
i told him i dont want to rush things he fine with taking things slow but he does want me to take a chance with him
im 23 and he is 27 he is a positive sweet guy currently he is battling covid
I live in America and he live in France
I would not be comfortable going to france during a pandemic I want to wait until everyone gets vaccinated first
u live in europe?
yeah I heard it is another strain there
he understands that im not meeting him no time soon but when the pandemic is over I do not know if I should continue to pursue him or not
I dont even have a passport and i care about my health and others im not traveling for a long time
Yes because I do not have experience with Turkish men and I am scared of him being controlling and abusive I guess its due to sterotypes i read about and heard
Yes I agree with u have u met any turkish people?
I think its also due to me being hurt before but scared of trying something new giving a new person a chance I have major trust issues
Yes I agree with u there
thank you so much and happy christmas eve:)
I'm really sad because I'm feeling left out of my freind's group.
No it's always been like that.
They will make plans in front of me and not invite me,
Yeah. They will also talk about how they did something previously and I wasn't invited.
That's not my personality. I think it's rude to show up or assume.
I have always been shy and have a very hard time making friends. My hisband is also in the military so we move a lot and it's a constant struggle of trying to fit in with new people.
Thank you for saying that.
Yeah it can be very hard.
Unfortunately we can't do that right now because his base is under strict rules for covid. But normally that would be a good idea.
Yeah that is true.
You're probably right about that.
I hope so!
Hi, i'm really anxiety for my next test
Perhaps I'm worried if I'll pass the test or not
can you give me an advice?
I like listening to music, it's really goof to relax
talking to a friend sometimes it help too
Yes, it's true
but I always paid attention on the class
well, I tried to do good, but not all the times.
Thanks for the advice
Yes, but at least I do everything that I can do.
No, it's ok
Probably I will try to listen to a music before the test
Yes, because sometimes I see people studying before the test and I don't think it's a good idea due to you will be more anxious
People try studying until late and they don't sleep properly which is bad for them
I try study the day before but not until late
and sleep well
ok, I good now. thank you for talking to me
bye
Hello?
Please let me know if you're there...
I'm not receiving any messages - are you there?
Ahh! Hello...
I'm okay - I'm just sort of frustrated with my brother's wife.
She barely speaks to me - she didn't even message me on my 50th birthday - but then she texts to demand my mom's wedding ring
... because she wants to give it to her 16 year old daughter. Who will also be getting a Lexus for her birthday.
How is a diamond solitaire an appropriate gift for a 16 year old?
He is so rabidly defensive of her, if I bring it up, it won't matter if he agrees with me or not - he'll take her side.
And both our parents died last year - I can't lose him too.
She's the only granddaughter - she'll get the ring eventually, if she wants it (probably won't). My SIL apparently thinks that was the only valuable thing about my mom - she didn't want any of the books, or art, or photos...
Are you too busy to do this right now...?
You're really not saying much.
No, I should do that. I see them on my phone and computer every day, but I should have a framed one up. I just moved house, and I don't have all my stuff yet.
I could do that... of course, if the frames aren't solid platinum they won't be good enough for my brother's wife...
My parents both got dementia at the end, and I"m sad that the kids won't really remember the real them. My mom was more than a diamond ring... And she would have been horrified at the idea of giving it to a 16-year-old who'd just throw it in a drawer with her other diamonds.
I don't really see the kids. Not my choice. It hurts that my brother just goes along with it.
I guess I'll sign off. Thanks for talking, and for the ideas.
I am down. It happens sometimes and just takes so long to be happy. Do you ever feel this way?
thanks for sharing. it nice knowing that this year has ben hard for lots of people. What do you do to get by?
I tried getting help but it was not for me. now I am self diagnosing. self care. I tried taking walks but it never helped. anything else you do?
I hate the idea of talking to professionals. alcohol sometimes works but that is a slippery slope. like my depression
just the rational of it. I know it is irrational but I can't help but be sad sometimes even when it is illogical. it's like my mind is heart my mind
thank you.
You have been kind with your shared experiences. that make me feel not so alone and crazy. thank you
thank you again. can i ask you for one more recommendation
please share
something simple
perfect thank you.
hello my name is Marie
I've been feeling really anxious after work
I'm doing well with work after work my focus becomes my boyfriend coming back from work
yes
I work from home
I live with my boyfriend at hotel
we've been together for over 5 years
yes I have been and it's not new issues
I don't know when he exactly comes back from work
I would like to know when he exactly finishes working
Supposingly he's staying at work after work having drinks with co workers
He does this often
I would like him to give us more time
I don't mind him staying late at the job sometimes but it seems like everyday he's socializing with his work buddies
I've mentioned to him about it and he always say that he will try to be back earlier , he gives a time he will be back, he says okay he will stop the drinking so much but he can't keep his word
I really don't have anyone to physically hangout with
it's always been a struggle to make new friends to hang out with
after high school it has been a struggle to meet new people to hang out
I tend to just hang out with new people I meet probably once and never see them again
I used to enjoy Zumba since I like dancing , I spend most my freetime watching movies and different series on Netflix also like to watch the home remodeling shows
I feel like I have social anxiety and that prevents me from having a conversation with someone
I think there is a gym nearby
I don't have insurance
I think psychological therapy can be expensive I don't know how much it will cost
those free clinics usually have a long wait
I don't know if they have improved their system
I get im patient sometimes
yes I agree
I think it has to do with my father being mostly a single parent raising my brother and me he used to keep us inside the home
most of the time
my father and brother are even worse than me now
they don't really have any relationships with anyone just family and they barely talk to them
I don't want to be like them
that's why I moved out from my dad's home
its been almost 7 years since I moved out
my dad didn't want me to hang out with my boyfriend for 4th of July
I was 26 and my dad forced me to stay home
I called the cops after my dad dragged me inside the house
he did not want to become independent
he did not like my boyfriend either
oh yes there is alot of conflict with my father and brother
when my boyfriend and I went to visit 2 months ago the cops came twice to my dad's home
they all got in a fight
ok that's alright if you have to go
thanks for the chit chat
I am depressed. There is no hope
This pandemic has been super stressful. I can't leave the house
Yeah, I'm stuck at home and spend so much time in bed worrying about life and crying
no :(
Extremely isolated, i dont know what to do
i live by myself
No, i lost my job
due to the pandemic they had to cut a lot of people
I did not like my job but it was ssomething to do
No, I don't feel qualified
Hm, do they cost money to use?
wow thats great. i am still depressedd and don't know if i will have the energy to do it
Yeah, I just kind of feel like a failure in life
But I am trying, thanks
i think thats a great idea
yes, you have thank you.
Hello
Life is alright, but I am facing a bit of anxiety with the lack of work available
I agree, the pandemic has made things really tough
I would be happy to talk more about my situation
I am making a little bit of money doing online tasks for Amazon
But aside from that, no
In six months time, I hope to go to University and get a degree
But I will need to find some work before then
I would like to study Economics ideally, and will work as hard as I can since it's very competitive
Honestly, i'd really love to work as a diplomat or a civil servant
You have to be very highly qualified for those though , but a boy can dream...
Thank you for talking with me, it's been really helpful
I am definitely feeling a bit more positive after this conversation
I think it's good to put things in context and focus on the future, as you said
That's a really good idea
A pizza night would be great for clearing my head
Yes, you too
Thank you for talking to me :)
Hi there, I guess I just want to talk about some academic pressure
I am just trying to pull an all-nighter and try to get through some lengthy reading of my textbook. I have a final coming up after next week.
yeah just trying to speed through the readings as I still have more than a few units to read through
and meanwhile, have one assignment from this course also at the end of this month, and another course's assignment, and that course's exam is coming up next month.
yeah just trying to load myself up with coffee.
I am used to the idea of staying up because I have been doing that since the pandemic early on this year, but I seem to be distracted and procrastinating, especially in the early hours of the morning, and just go on the computer and waste time, etc.
it's kind of hard to sit myself down I guess
yeah this is my third go through the entire course, the third round of studying. So that the knowledge would be fresh in my mind.
just the entire next week is all I have left to get through like 6 units of readings
plus finish up the assignment and I have a part-time job, and plus doing some catching with the other course which is all due next month after this course.
yeah it sure has.
I can go on and on about that too
And another thing is by the time I get wise up to not procrastinate, like around 3 or 4 am, I become tired and sleepy, and my brain kicks in and immediately doesn't cooperate. So just a pattern of that going on lately.
thanks just gonna do my very best and be mature and catch up because my marks have been good but have been procrastinating, lazy, and slow with everything since the pandemic.
yeah it's stupid. Once I am done with these two courses, I can finally stop sleeping so late. Because regardless of the courses, I have been sleeping at around the same time, which is late almost every night, since the pandemic started.
so it will be a good time for me to take a breather and reset my bad bad habits and circadian rhythm after these two courses.
and get back to some normalcy in my life routines.
it will literally be a fresh start, next january
yeah exactly, nose to the grind
yeah too many bad habits from the pandemic and social isolation. Excessive procrastination, not working out much, eating pattern is bad, sleep pattern is bad, etc.
its all linked and most of it is due to the pandemic and the studies is just a reinforcement of this loop, fuels it actually.
Thank you. I am getting better as each day brings me closer to the first exam. I am actually catching up and I feel guilty of myself for the bad habits and not doing the courses as well as I should but just at the end, I feel like I am getting a grip on it again.
Thank you for your advice
I hope I can break my bad cycles like I said.
Thanks. Yeah I can see that you understand. That's good
thank you very much! I will continue to study after we chat. I am just taking a break
this has been a good refresher break. So thank you for your kind words and your trust in me
okay. So I am good to go then. Thank you again and all the best to you and I hope you continue to stay safe. Good night.
You too, rest well.
Hello.
I am battling with my childhood trauma that i feel is affecting my everyday life with my child and spouse. I don't know how to tell my spouse about my childhood in fear he doesn't want to be with someone with a upbringing such as mine.
Yes, correct. I am not sure how to tell my spouse about my childhood trauma. He wants to know. He wants to help me. But I am not sure where to begin with explaining it to him.
I am worried it will effect his views on me. And he has a very rough idea of things that have happened.. he tells me he wants to know everything so he can help me move forward.. but when i try to talk about it i ramble and end up not explaining anything. I have even tried writing it down.. and nothing seems to work.
very much so.. whenever it gets brought up i free and begin to ramble and i think it makes him overwhelmed ..
He had a very different childhood then myself. Almost complete opposite then myself. And I have tried... i cant seem to get my self to even put my past down on paper...
When I have tried to i end up sending my self into a panic.
No.. i do not know many people fro my area. As soon as i was able to leave where i grew up i packed up and left. We live in a extremely rural area where there is not many new faces.
Maybe i will have to look int finding support group in my area...thank you very much!
thank you for your help!
You did a great job!
Hi, I was wondering if you can help me with my academic issues.
I am very stressed. My parents want to me to go to the school of their choice but its not looking good. If I dont go into their choice school I will have to pay for school on my own.
Im not able to complete my work at school becuase of the stres
Yes, they just tell me they want the best for me but its making my stomach hurt constantly
Thank you. I just don't know what I should do about my school and future college endeavors
My friends just tell me to take loans out like they are.
I think it would but I don't want to go into debt because of college
Okay I can try and do that
Thank you
Hi
Quite bad. I tried to send some job applications but there are still no reply.
Can you give me some advice on how to cope with this? I honestly don't know what to do.
I understand, but still, emotionally it is hard to cope.
Not really, my savings are running out. I am doing some part-time freelance work but it won't pay all the bills.
Do you have any suggestions?
I haven't been to food banks yet. I can still deal with food on the table for now, but a couple more months without job then I might have to.
Financially yes. It is just that my emotion is getting worse and worse. Stress I guess.
I don't know. Psychologist appointments are very expensive in my country.
And without a job I do not have any insurance.
I have not heard of charities that does that. If I am suicidal, may be, but I guess they are not dealing with stress from normal job seekers...
I would. I work as an IT consultant before, but I would take any job for now.
Do you mean like food delivery? like UberEats?
I guess I could try that, not sure it pays well enough.
But thank you for your help.
I hope so as well. Thank you a lot for advice, I feel better just talking about it.
You too, hope you have a good day.
I see, alright, see you then!
I'm doing okay I suppose. I could be much better.
I am feeling really down today. My fiance was cheating on me and everything has pretty much crumbled all around me.
I'm glad you haven't and so sorry to hear about them. We have been together for 13 years and have an 11 year old. He has been dating someone for nearly two years and i had no clue. I am so embarrassed and feel so stupid.
He is somewhat aware that something is going on but not quite sure what. One of us will be moving out so it will need to be explained to him soon. We have talked and he just denies everything. He told me I'm crazy and they are just "friends
I would love to believe that but unfortunately I know that isn't true. I'm just overwhelmed with so may questions that he is not answering.
That is great advice! It's very hard to stand up for yourself sometimes especially when you are emotionally devastated. I visited him unannounced at work one day and they were having lunch together. I had no idea who she was and she got up and ran off. Upon further investigation, I checked phone records, receipts, any other thing I could find and all the evidence was there. two hour conversations, gifts from women's stores that weren't given to me.
I haven't told anyone yet. He just denies everything or has the perfect excuse for whatever I bring up. I have confronted her as well via text. She states she doesn't even know who he is. Really? So yeah. I just want to grieve it and be over with it. I think just talking about it had helped a lot.
I workout every day so that has helped keep my mind somewhat focused after work.
Thank you I really appreciate all of your help!
Thanks and well wishes you and your family as well!
Hello, I'm having a very rough day, how are you?
My mother passed away about a month ago due to alcoholism, it has been rough attempting to cope with the many different emotions.
I'm so sorry that it's a situation that you can relate to, its such a hard situation watching someone drink their life away no matter what you do until they eventually pass away from it. I can say my anxiety has increased immensely as well as depression. It seems that quite a bit of pressure has been placed on me because of the family business she ran and my dad who is now trying to live without her.
It definitely does, I know it feels like quite a bit now but will gradually become easier to deal with.
Thank you so much! That means a lot just to hear and I think it is incredibly refreshing talking to someone that has a fresh mind about all of it rather than another family member that is attempting to cope with the same situation.
Very true, especially someone who is willing to listen and provide advice or positive conversation.
Yes, I have begun a new medication that will hopefully help soon, I have also begun focusing on different hobbies that I enjoy so that I can keep my mind busy.
I haven't thought too much about it, but I do think it might be a great time and something that will be necessary in order for self healing and really to just express the up and down emotions that occur.
I have recently fallen in love with wood working and different crafting. I enjoy being able to use my hands and become proud once i finish an accomplishment.
I have not, I think if i feel that I can open up quickly, it would be extremely beneficial.
I have been looking at them recently and think I might just order one! Thank you for the advice!
hey
I could be better.
I just had a baby 2 months ago and I have been struggling with my physical appearance and dealing with my mental health.
I didnt keep much weight from the pregnancy but its the loose skin that makes it very challenging to accept and to love my self.
My depression has gotten worse since having my son. I feel a constant feeling that i'm not a good mother. I feel worthless and having a constant feeling that I don't deserve my son
How did you cope with post partum?
Yes. I mentioned it to them at my 6 week pp check up. I was prescribed to a med to help but I dont think its fully in its works yet.
Thank you, I hope so too. Yes I have my husband helping me. I am a stay at home mom while he goes to work. Im lucky that I am able to stay home with our son but at the same time its hard because because theres a less opportunity to have a break and on top of that he works 12 hour shifts so I rarley get to spend time with my husband.
I took my first break 2 days ago with my husband. We went on a day road trip and it felt really good to have that day to have together away from the baby but at the same time it was hard leaving our baby.
Thank you, I really appreciate it. Its nice to be able to talk about it.
Ill definitely have to look into it, thank you! I hope you have a great day!
Hello.
I feel terrible right now,
My friends have been leaving me out of Christmas parties. I saw on Facebook my best friend didn't invite me to his Christmas party.
Yes. My best friend didn't invite me to his party. I think its because I always wear mask and try to obey the CDC guidelines.
Yea it just hurts being left out. He is my best friend and I am not sure what to do. I feel like I need to talk to him abou tit.
I saw photos and they were not wearing masks. In one way I'm glad I did not go. I also think he put a lot of people at risk. How should I bring this up?
Should I talk about him putting others at risk?
Should I do it over txt, Phone, or in person?
Ok so txt would be ok then.
Thank you so much. I'm going to do that tonight and see how it goes.
Thank you have a great night and a Merry Christmas!
Hello, thanks for offering to help. My sister is battling with heroin addiction, and I am raising her children. It's quite a bit of pressure and responsibility.
She has been in and out of rehab, and I see no end to her problems, other than a tragic one. Thankfully, the children are adjusting to it, probably because they are happy just to be in a stable environment.
I have a romantic partner who helps. I also have two of my own relatively young children.
So, four in total.
Thanks for being sympathetic and for the words of encouragement. Yes, needless to say, Child Protective Services were involved, and I was granted Foster Parent status. I'm sure your friend went down that road, sadly.
Have you ever seen the video by the artist known as NF called "How Could You Leave Us?" I'm afraid that's what's next for these kids.
They all get along famously. You can find that video on YouTube. It's a true story of how his mother died from heroin addiction. It's a powerful song.
Hopefully, you never have to experience it. Heroin (opioids) just grabs hold of people and doesn't let go.
Thank you. One piece of good news. Her son went from failing most of his classes to making Honor Roll this trimester - that's what his advisor tells me.
You've been really helpful and considerate. Chatting with you certainly made me feel better. I think we can end the support session at this juncture if you've met your session requirements.
Thanks so, much. Have a great holiday and we'll try to do the same.
Not great. I'm feeling pretty down in the dumps.
I'm not sure how, exactly. I'm dealing with repeated rejections.
Romantic rejection. It seems like every time I make an effort, it's immediately shot down.
Male. Why do you ask?
Fair enough. What do you suggest I try?
That's fine. I'm open to discussion.
I'm in a rural area, and I'm interested in women.
I've had to resort to online dating and such as there are few opportunities to meet people in person.
Basically all of the ones you would expect. How would you suggest meeting people in person?
That sounds like a good idea. Do you attend meetups?
That's good advice. Thanks for your help.
Hi. How is your evening?
Im feeling pretty down and angry.
My girlfriend broke up with me.
Im feeling so down. Especially why she broke up with me.
She is black and Im white. It was tough on the relationship.
I know but our synergy was amazing. I miss her so much. That skin drove me crazy!
That is deep. I just need to do things to get my mind off of her.
Thats a good idea. I might do yoga too.
You are making me feel better. That is very true. I may just casual date for now.
I might take a trip to Jamaica.
What do you think
Infinitely complicated.
Too many decisions. I don't know what to do.
I don't even know where to start.
I'm trying to decide if I can build trust with him again.
He lied about everything.
When we met, before we got involved, he said he was divorced. I ended up finding out that he was still legally married. He assured me that they were just a pen's stroke away from being divorced.
That was in March.
I found out three weeks ago that they're actually still living together.
ANd, no. We haven't broken up yet.
I'm debating. I don't know what to do.
I feel like a schmuck.
He has such pretty words.
And he invests so much time and effort into us.
I agree with you.
My mind agrees.
My stupid emotions are clouding things.
I did.
LOL
And he brought his kids to my house so they could meet my kids. He had a conversation with them about why he and their mother had been living the way they had. (in seperate floors of the house)
That was two weeks ago.
So, yes, he is.
Too soon to tell.
I guess that's what I'm trying to figure out. Should I give him time to prove himself now that he's backed into a corner.
That's not an easy question to answer. He treats me very well. Always has. And he is frantically trying to accomodate me, now htat I know.
I agree with you. It's one of my fears.
MY children (6 and 9) have been living with him in their lives as a male figure who is growing into a father figure. He and I have been together for fifteen months, and part-time living together for six.
This isn't a new relationship. That's part of the complication, too.
His kids actually asked if they could come live with me while he and his (ex?) figured their shit out.
It's a messed up situation that COVID has not improved. He was furloughed in May.
Indeed I don't, you're right.
But now it seems like it will hurt them if I break up with him.
I wish I could say that I were confident that 2021 would be better, but...
Too right.
And this is all a part of why this is not a simple situation.
I have no doubt that he loves me very much.
Hahahaha! Seems that way.
He didn't make this lie up for me. That's an interesting thing.
He was living the "divorced dad" lie to A LOT of people.
Anybody and everybody who was far enough away to be lied to.
She lives in her bedroom. Only comes out to work two nights a week. DOesn't want to have anything to do with her kids (5, 9, 11, 13)
And she and my BF have been living that way for three years. Over a year before I even met him.
I would all but guarantee it.
Here's the other kicker, though...
She knows about me.
(I know. You're right. I thought that as well)
She doesn't care. She just wants to keep the status quo. She likes the money and security.
(before he was furloughed, he made very good money.)
Yes!
I agree!
EVERYBODY!
Happy New Year!
Hi! I'm alright, wbu?
Yeah honestly. I am struggling with money currently, but I don't want to find a new job. I love my job and I love the people, I don't want to start over at a new place. But income is rough right now. So I'm having a hard time deciding what to do
Yes, but not for a while. So I'm not sure if waiting is worth it
Yeah exactly
Of course I've looked and thought about it, but there's no way of really knowing unless I try them out. I could always try a new job while keeping my current one and decide which one is better, but then I would be overworking myself and more stressed I think
Yeah probably. I might just need to start really budgeting and living more scarcely for a while. And even though that sucks, I will probably be happier in the long run
No I haven't but that's a good idea!
You're right. I have so many options that I can use to stay where I am at and stay happy. I'm gonna keep this job and do what I can until raise time
Thank you so much for chatting with me! It really helped me with my unsureness
Yeah :) I hope you have a great rest of your day!
Hi,
Hello.. I'm good.. Thank you.. How are you?
ok. I wanted to talk about the highly anxious and nervous situation I was in some time back.
It was due to my work environment. I was given a responsibility, which I wanted to produce good results. So, I ended up working too much time for several months and ignored everything else, including my health.
This alienated me from my friends and family
Because of that time period, to this day, I'm not as close as I once used to be with my friends
yes. I miss out on key moments and I felt left out.
hmm yes..
I agree.
yes. And I will be happy to make more time for friends and family as well.
yes.
True. I feel like I should try that.
True. This really helped. Thanks for your time.
hi
Really am not feeling well, am not able to handle my stress
covid 19
yes because of my age and low immunity level
yes moreover i am living alone, for my job and needs i need to take care of myself
But when i see social media and News every day it increasing my stress level
yes but what can i do if am not spending time on it
there is not much option now i can't go out also
Thanks that was good idea better keep away myself from social media for a while
thanks for your support
thanks
yes
sanjose
that would help
i feel depressed
i feel alone. i feel like i do not have any one to talk to when it comes to my emotions.
i do have a few friends that i think i can talk to about how i am feeling however the thought of them being too busy with their work is what prevents me from reaching out to them.
you know i think that you are right about this. it has always been difficult for me to open to others even with those that have been there for me when i needed someone. i feel like a mix of emotions nervous but at the same time wanting to reaching out for help
i have been writing for a while but due to my emotions i have stopped writing like i used to. when i did write i did notice a change in my feelings it became more positive and less depressed. now that i stopped writing its like i went back into depression
yes writing has been a huge help for me. i would take your suggestion and begin writing again to feel better. and i have let others read what i wrote and they have said it has helped them get over their depression and helped them understand me more
now that i was able to talk about how i feel with you and you giving me a useful suggestion i feel less depressed and feel motivated to write again. your help has been really helpful for me
thank you so much for helping me. and that is all that i would like to discuss. you have been a big help for me
thank you. hope you enjoy your day
hi
help to solve my problem
fine. What about you?
my close friend made a mistake. she scolded for it and not speak to me at all
I told her not to make a mistake and advised her. but she refused it and scolded me
Also she behaved that as if I commited a mistake
I just helped her only but she refused me and hurt me
No, I will tell all the facts about it. but she cant believe me and hurt me more and it make me more emotion
ok. I will try to recover from this situationm
Since she is close friend for more than20years, I cant tolerate it
because she didn't accept her mistake
I tend to rectify her mistake but she didn';t accept my voices at all
yes, i think so
how to solve this misunderstading
With full of depression, I can't do what to do
If approached indirectly, it will be helpful to resolve this probleem
I just follow it
Thanks for your help and your wordings are good for me
Hi, I'm just wanting to talk about my sadness that happens every now and then. Sometimes at night, (and only at night) I get in these super depressive moods and have almost mental breakdowns about everything in my life. But it doesn't happen all the time... only sometime and I don't know why
Yeah it is, and I'm not sure why it happens
Yeah exactly. Where I live, we just had daylight savings so it gets dark around 5:30 PM and it feels like my days are just wasted
Yeah that is good advice. I definitely need to work on getting myself up earlier in the mornings, I've just come so accustomed to my current sleep schedule.
And in all honesty, I haven't tried a therapist yet... I'm scared it will be hard to open up to a stranger
Wow yeah I didn't even really think about that... And I'm sure there are ways to get in contact with therapists without having to be face to face? I just like the anonymous aspect of it. I feel like I come across as weak if people see me for me
Yeah that's true I have heard of BetterHelp. Maybe I should reach out on one of those platforms when I feel like I am going into one of my depressive episodes.
Oh yeah! That's true! I will try it. And also try to incorporate a better sleep schedule. And that is very helpful thank you. I do live in a small apartment, but I have noticed that when I get out of bed and at least move to the couch, it is a different environment even though it wouldn't seem like it. I never thought how that would help me though. I will totally do it more often when I am slumping
Yeah I definitely want to try what I can! And that is awesome haha the vacation bed! Love it
Thank you so much for our conversation!
It really motivated me to try new things to help
Thank you! You as well
Hello. How's it going?
I'm somewhat anxious and distressed because of college.
Yes, I have a large project I must complete for one class, a very important exam for another, and for another my professor is quite incompetent and might cause me to fail that course.
Yes, that is correct. It's caused severe anxiety for me.
Yes, it's very unfortunate that things turned out this way. I might have the project and exam dealt with, but the one with the incompetent professor makes me want to slam my head on the wall.
Yes, I have talked with him. Unfortunately, communication is the worst part with him. He will read emails but only selectively respond to some things. I ask him to give me the details for an assignment he never sent the details for and he always ignores it.
I do n't think he even has the assignment instructions recorded anywhere.
We have a Discord server set up for the class where we're all trying to make sense of the class and our professor because it has been such a bad experience for all of us.
Unfortunately even that doesn't help.
It won't work because this professor is "winging it" in that he is doing things he never did for the class before, and he is in way over his head.
Mostly because of COVID.
It is too late, yes. I wish I had dropped it sooner.
That may be a good idea. I'll consider that.
Thanks for your help.
I am glad to have talked you as well. Good nigh t(or day).
I've been better. I've been really sad ever since my girlfriend and I broke up and I don't know what to do.
Yeah every day has been pretty hard. We were together for about 3 years.
We found ourselves arguing more and more each day.
Every day has been feeling the same. I didn't like that we fought but now I feel empty. I don't know what to do.
It's been about a month now.
I haven't really been doing much. My friends invite me out but I never feel like going.
Yeah that makes sense. It's just hard you know. What steps should I take to feel better?
Okay I'll try to make an effort to go out more.
That's a good idea I'll try to be more active.
Thanks for all the help I appreciate it.
It's nice to have someone to talk to thanks for hearing me out.
Do you have any more advice?
I have been bottling up a lot of my emotions so maybe I'll try to talk to a friend about how I'm feeling.
Okay, thanks for all the help!
Hello
I doing good.. how are you?
I am going to school and this semester I am having too much pressure ... could not handle it.
I cannot take any time off since this is in the middle of the semester. And dropp ing any class is not an option either.
I am having too much anxiety and don't know how to deal with it.
What kind of advise should I be seeking from the counsellor?
Do you think that could hurt my grade if I turn them in late?
But I am not sick, would the counsellor write note for me under this situation?
I guess you are right... I will try to make an appointment with the counselor next week.
I have an elder sister I can talk to.
I think so..
I like the idea .. thanks..
I hope so.. thank you for you suggestion.
You have a good day...
I am ok. How do you do
Can you help out
Thank you for your concern.
I am worry about my job. Because of pandemic
yes. absolutely
Ya. I am feeling the same.
Not yet speak. I will try my best to solve this problem
Ok thank you so much for your best time which is spend with me.
No. thanks
Ok.
Happy to chat with you again in future
im good
im have been very depressed due to lack of jobs and i have a lot of bills pending
May 2020
My unemployment benefit has been stopped
Yes it is. especially when you are not getting any help
I think i would just try that for now
yes i agree, because it is very depressing staying in the house with nothing to do
Thanks so much for your encouragement
I have some things that has been moved to collections
well i hope so, because i have been so worried about it
sometimes i have a walk down the street to clear my mind, but when i'm back home i get back to thinking again
Thanks a lot for your help i really appreciate it
I feel very bad right now. I don't know how I should make my daughter understand that her dressing is not appropriate
I think she does but is only being rebellious due to peer pressure. She is a good sensible girl.
Should I take her for counselling so that she can understand that she doesn't have to dress like her friends in order to be with them?
I have tried that before and have even asked her grandmother to have a chat with her.
She doesn't have a mom figure in her life because her mom passed on when she was only three.
Its been quite a challenge to play both mom and dad in her life. Sometimes I feel inadequate to deal with female issues.
It feels nice to know someone can understand me because I rarely talk about my feelings openly.
So do you suggest I seek professional help for her?
I will take your suggestion. And do you think its a good idea to take her shopping and show her some of the outfits that I approve off?
Thank you so much for the encouragement.
Bye.
hi
I'm dealing with a lot of frustration and anxiety.
Frustrated and anxious
Ok. I have a friend who I've known a long time, who is one of my closest friends, but who is extremely insecure. She constantly seeks affirmation that I love and care for her, even though she should KNOW I do, since we have been friends for so long.
It's just been an ongoing thing that has escalated recently because she's so afraid and timid and doesn't believe anyone could really love or care for her. I get sick of having to say that of course I love her.
I have. I address it every time it comes up. She always sells herself short. Recently I suggested she could babysit my kids, she agreed, then almost immediately said it was ok if I had someone better in mind, and didn't want her, even though I had asked her!
do you talk to your friend about it?
Yes, I know. Until she finds her self worth, it doesn't matter what any of her friends say to her.
I have actually told her that. That it seems like she doesn't trust me.
It's frustrating to me and gives me anxiety because I wish I could change her to see herself the way I, and others, do. But I know I can't make her see her self worth. That's something she has to find for herself.
That's good to hear about you and your friend.
I know they are. And yes, she's dealing with a lot, but we all are, and it would be so much better for her if she could trust the people who love her to actually love her.
Indeed. Thank you for your input.
Not really, because I'd just worry about her. She needs someone like me to look after her. I'm kind of the Yin to her Yang. Thank you for your time and conversation!
I am always angry at myself and others. I lose my temper constantly and say very racist things.
I need help with my anger. I am upset that the Presidential election is being stolen from President Trump. I say racist things about it, and punch myself in the head or bang my head into the wall when people disagree with me.
I think it is because people disagree with my politics.
I am sick of being discriminated against because of my skin color.
Half my family is Puerto Rican, I am White. All the Puerto Rican family members consider themselves to be allies of the blacks, I do not. I have been repeatedly victimized by black people,
I have been robbed at gunpoint three times in the past 8 months while walking home from work. Each time, it was one or more black males with guns who robbed me. They would call me racial slurs every time too.
Also, my wife was raped by a black homeless man in July 2020 while she was jogging in the park. This made me get so angry, that I burned down a low-income housing building that was occupied by only black residents. I tried to get even with the blacks for what happened to my wife.
I can't seek help with a professional for my anger issues, because I have committed violent crimes to get even with my oppressors.
Are you going to help me?
I walk home because my job is only a mile away. I live in a predominantly black area. The police have taken reports, but candidly admitted to me that nothing would happen as far as arrests because of the current "woke" climate.
It upsets me, the way I feel. I do have 2 or 3 black neighbors who are decent people, but thats it. I am the only White person on my street. I am constantly taunted by the blacks in my area.
No black woman has been raped by a white man in recent history, even DOJ crime statistics back me up on this one. When is the last time anyone remembers a pack of white men raping a black lady?
I just want to not be scared around here anymore. I am sick of being victimized. They are pushing me over the edge.
I can move, but it would be very costly. And I don't want to move now because it is winter and it is cold and we have over a foot of snow on the ground.
I appreciate this advice. It does seem good. I just want everything to get better.
Do you think that maybe I should go to church or something to help?
I would consider it. There is actually a black church 3 or 4 blocks from here. The people there are undoubtedly as nice as anybody else im sure.
Thank you. You have been helpful
Hello
I'm a bit bad honestly.
I've been struggling with depression for a while. It's hard to deal with. I feel hopeless.
I've spoken to a therapist but it didn't help. I tried a help hotline online but they thought I was suicidal so they called the cops to check on me .. never doing that again lol.
I don't know what to do
I have in the past. Recently, no.
I just feel like I'll never be happy.
I think it didn't help because I'm a bit shy. Or because I didn't know where to start. It's hard to know what to talk about.
I guess it also didn't help because she seemed like she was just reading a script. She wasn't the greatest at making me feel cared about
You're doing pretty good though haha
I think therapy could work. Actually something happened with my therapist (maybe fired lol) and she's no longer my therapist.. so I need a new one.
I think my closest friend has been to therapy. I could always ask her for a recommendation.
My friends and I look out for eachother. I think they're a good help :)
This was a nice little chat! You should actually volunteer for a helpline haha
I'm ok! I got my friends and family. I made an appointment with my psychiatrist to get different medication so I could ask him for a therapist recommen dation as well.
I think I'm good. Thank you though! This was nice :)
You too! :)
hi, im ok. how are you?
covid has be depressed
extremely tough times.
the fear of the unkown, is whats so depressing
and not being able to be in control, just cautious
sorry to hear this. we have never experienced this before. all of this is new.
yes, maybe that's what i need to do, stay away from the news. because the news is so depressing.
relieved is the right word. I just dont even know where this came from
i listen to music alot, it is somewhat comforting for me
i need to exercise, havent done that yet.
yes, the would make me feel better. i like playing volleyball. but its hard to do that these days
my favorite sport
i will try
i feel better already
after talking to you, i really dont have anyone to talk to about this.
Yeah, i didnt think talking to you would help but it definitely relieved some stressed
thanks ..good bye
am doing great.
how about you?
How is the day going for you?
Am just starting mine, quite early here
what id the time like over there?
Have you experienced heartbreak before?
It is 5:37am here
I have moved passed mine for long. But I shared the experience because it is one i would never forget. It almost put me into depression if not for family and genuine close friends.
Yes ,I did it and am happy I moved on and came out stronger
Thank you for your encouragement
yes ,I can relate to any situation now after that experience because it made me stronger emotionally and psychologically
I am in a better one now and am happy and fulfilled
when you are happy in a relationship it will show in your daily interaction with people.
I believe we are good so far with the conversation
I appreciate your interest to help. You did a good job
Have a good one.
sure,would.
Bye
Hello
A bit overwhelmed and depressed. I really want to celebrate the holiday, but I'm just not in the mood.
Not really, I'm not a people person and the couple people I do talk to aren't supportive or going thru their own issues.
I have my family to share it with, my husband and kids. The teenagers are more about me buying them stuff and getting presents, and we're broke so I haven't been able to do the things I want to with my toddler.
Outside of my household, I have my grandparents and some sibblings I don't talk to much.
Absolutely! They always had great Christmases. I feel they're takking away from my toddler's christmas
That and the teenagers aren't listening well. They're kinda out of control. I don't think they deserve a Christmas, because they need to learn responsibility.
My husband tends to think they do no matter what.
Exactly. Sorry if I'm taking a minute to respond. I just got put into 2 of these things at once where I'm a supporter lol. It's much harder. But yes, I'm in Michigan.
Do you have kids?
Yes! Exactly. You're very wise for your age! I am sure they feel similar to how you do. They're grown up and not able to appreciate the Christmas magic.
Ok well our pizza is here. Thank you for your help. This is a very good task and you did great for your first time! Hope you have a nice day!
Oh my goodness that would be amazing. Bree Fair 4481 Division St Wayland MI 49348
Have a nice night wherever you are in mturk land :)
Bree Fair :)
You too!
hi how are you
my friend stood me up and i went alone on a trip she was to go with me. I eneded up flipping all the cost and she is bad mouthing me she stood me up because she was drunk she has a drinking problem
not good
since i told her that drinking is more important to her now she is talking bad about me but she is the one with the problem.
yes but i am the bad one she turns everything around
she is now also spreading mean rumors about me and dragging my daughter into this
I do not know why, maybe so she does not have to admit that she is wrong
she is like a narzisist
Yes it is
I have done that but she will not admit that she has issues, I hear that she falls of chairs in bars on a regular base.
so maybe it is good to not have contact with such an individual
yes
thanks for listening
yes i was I ended up going alone
Have you ever experienced anything like this?
I met Doug at work when I used to smoke outside the building. He's handsome, built and has a killer smile. We started talking and one night we hooked up.
Well, actually this has been going on for 7 months. I hooked up with him after a month of talking.
I'm ready to end this situation because I want the more emotional stuff I know Doug can't give. How do I get out?
I heard of people falling for a fling or one night stand but this has gone on for months. Add to that, I see him at work. He's married and I don't see this as more than a long term hook up. Have you ever experienced something like this?
If you never experienced this do you know of anyone who has? What did they do to get out of this type of relationship if you want to call it that?
What did those people do to end the relationship if you want to call it that?
You keep saying it's good to reach out. I'm reaching out to you trying to find a way to turn off my emotions for this man.
My friends don't know about my situation with Doug. I do suspect some people at work are putting us eating lunch and taking walks together as something more. +
Doug make my sing and makes my body come alive but his presence is starting to break my heart because this situation is not going anywhere. I need help! It's not Doug's problem it's mine!
I don't like his wife because if she was treating him well he wouldn't be with me. So why doesn't she just let him go?
I'm starting to think if she was out the picture Doug and I could be together in a real relationship you know what I mean?
I don't understand. Doug's married I know that but I want what his wife has so she's not the problem.
All I want to know from you is to tell me how to get rid of the feelings I have for Doug or how to get rid of his wife since you think she's part of the problem?
Like what? The media says stay inside with love ones. Doug is my love one. Wouldn't I be putting myself at risk of getting the conrovirus meeting someone new?
Why do you keep focusing on the wife? You make it sound if I just kill her Doug and I could be happy and I wouldn't have to worry about his Philandering as you call it anymore. Are you saying I'm a Philanderer?
You never answered my question about ever being in this type of situation. Did your mate/husband or whatever Philalnder on you and you haven't gotten over it? Are you still with the man/woman or whatever that broke your heart and cheated on you? Why cant you get over it? Is the only advice for me you have is to eat Thanksgiving dinner alone?
I'm glad you understand my pain. I've spent and know how to be by myself. What I'm asking you how do I get out being in love with someone?
Okay so I eat Thanksgiving alone and I spend time alone. Okay tell me how i fill my nights alone up? How do I warm the other side of my bed which Doug fill so well. I meant he can't give me emotional support because he's married. There is so time, sex and emotional support he can give. And I don't why you assumed I am a woman because I'm not! Also, I don't think being with Doug is settling! I do however appreciate your time and effort.
I don't know how im gonna survive without my job.
Yes. I got laid off last week. A bunch of us were.
I was a chef in a restaurant. Since covid business went down, and now the restaraunt is closing.
All the restaurants are closing, and the ones open gotta duty to keep the employees they already had. Where else are my culinary skills gonna be used?
All i have done is cook, my whole adult life. I dont know how to do anything else.
Wow! Never thougt of it like that. But still, i dont have a clue where those skills would be useful. All i know is the kitchen.
You know what, i have never thought of that. Those are actually good suggestions. But im not sure if i am discipline enough to run that business on my own. I cook, and thats about it. The business part i've always had someone else doing that. I dont know if i know how to even set that stuff up.
I dont know many people. i keep to myself. Dont know how i would find someone for the business side.
your ideas sound great, but they may be out of my league. I dont know if i am capable of doing my own business.
Wow! you have great suggestions. Thank you so much for your ideas. I think i may give it a go. You have made me feel better about my situation, and gave me some action items to tackle. thank you for this conversation.
Have a great night wise one.
I just need help deciding what to do.
I was doing okay in school, but when we had go virtual, I lost all my friends.
I want to quit school and just go home. But my parents would not be happy.
I don't see anyone but my roommate and she has a boyfriend. I'm so lonely!
We are in a lockdown because of COVID. So the clubs are not doing anything.
I know I'm not the only one feeling this way.
She's just busy with her boyfriend. They go out on hikes and stuff, but they just want to go by themselves. I'm just on my own all the time.
Do you think I should quit school and start again next fall?
I have. I've worked on my schoolwork, but it has been very easy. I also paint. But I need people.
At home, I had all my friends around. Of course, we weren't in a pandemic then.
This pandemic is making everyone feel lonely I think.
I hadn't thought about that! They are all at different schools, but maybe I can do a Zoom meeting for all of us.
I guess my friends may be feeling stressed too. Maybe I'll try and start a Zoom party! We could plan a time and wear pajamas and just sit and talk.
That sounds like fun!
Why don't you do a virtual happy hour every week?
I have been afraid to tell my parents how I'm feeling. I don't want them to worry about me.
I want them to know I'm lonely, but not freak out about it :-)
That's true. And I do know my mom is working from home now and she's a really social person. It's probably getting to her too.
Yes, I'll probably call her and my dad tonight. I'll let them know I'm a bit sad and lonely, but not so much that they worry. And then I'll start planning my virtual party with my friends!
At least the party will give me something to look forward to!
That seems like a smart thing to do. None of us can really do anything to make the pandemic go away. We just have to get through it one day at a time.
Thank you for helping me come up with a plan!
Enjoy the rest of your night!
Hi solution provider !
Today those things have gone and all are fine.
When we happen to think of the old experience everyone is not satisfied and feeling anger .
yes
All of us feel the same way.
We had not thought of such a difference between us.
Nowadays, we only chat on and not try to go out. That makes us excited and enjoyed.
But it seems boring and thinking of making a plan that suits all. Do you have some experience of going tour with friends, so that I can get some idea from you.
We do plan to have one kind of interest and those who want to join may join. This is the strategy we think will work out. But if having some pre notion we can be careful of it.
Exactly, that is the idea behind this. Can you suggest some more>
We do fix places, budget, etc., May be this time, we will be okay. Next time we will have a good idea.
How do you think about including our family members, all of us are senior citizens.
Plan is not now, only after pandemic is over especially we being more than 50 . Just have an idea about how to make it work.
I think we make it first and then include the family members.
okay. Had some nice opinions from you. Thanks. Bye.
covid has made the New York job market terrible
hi
Partially but it's tough as fear of getting infected as well
oh yes that's it exactly
And next year I think will be like now. I thought the worse was over but it's not. It feels like March job market wise.
Yes and the news shows recent weeks cases of Covid going up again. That's very upsetting.
I don't trust the vaccine either, do you?
Just online gigs but not a job per se
The same or long term studies. They skipped animal testing. All red flags to me. what if it screws us all up taking it?
Yes thanks good idea. I just hope it can at least keep paying the bills. It's tough to barely get by a month. But it's better then being homeless.
I don't think the job market or world will return to normal next year, do you?
I'm alright, thank you, but a bit depressed after just breaking up with my girlfriend
Yes, it has been quite difficult
I find it helpful to talk to someone though
She was annoyed that I was spending too much time doing menial tasks online for Amazon
And that I wasn't giving her enough attention
So she finally broke it off
Exactly, and I was completing online chatbot tasks to get her a gift when she broke it off
It really came as a surprise to me
I did try to explain, but she didn't give me much of an opportunity to
She said that I was just wasting my time because you can only redeem the money in Amazon.com gift cards
And since I live in the UK, i'd have to pay 12 shipping just to get anything delivered
Maybe you're right
She made fantastic hot chocolate though, and i'm really going to miss that
I think I need to learn to be more self-reliant from now on, maybe even make my own hot chocolate from time to time
One day i'll find a woman who can make the perfect macarons, since i've failed every time i've tried
Thank you for showing me that there is hope though
I totally agree
Thank you for talking to me for the past few minutes :)
I need some help with my friend group. I feel they do not like me anymore.
I feel this way because they do not want to meet me and are cold to me.
What should I do?
What should I say?
I have known them for a long time so I want to make sure we stay friends.
I will try to talk to them. Any other advice?
Yes honesty is good. I will try to share my feelings.
Thank you for the compliment. I feel a bit better now.
Thank you so much. I will try your advice.
No I think that will do it. Thank you.
Bye.
I will, thank you.
hello
I'm doing okay today.
Been sad because my dog died
Hello? yes
I am typing
can't you see?
ok
bad connection
she would have been 15 next month
Great Pyrenees are beautiful
Mine was a fox terrier chihuahua mix
She was blind and suffering from dementia
She was starting to walk in circles and standing in corners like she had no idea where she was. I couldn't keep watching her do that anymore so I had her put to sleep, but I miss her so much. on saturday
Before she went blind she was so loving and playful. After she went blind she started to sleep a lot
They never live long enough. I had her brother too. He died 7 years ago. He got out on the road and hit by a car/
She went blind early in the spring. I held her while the vet gave her the shots
I have been thinking about it. I haven't made up my mind yet though
Being around dogs would probably help. Thank you for your time. It does help to talk.
I'm going to go now.
It can be difficult to express feelings. I agree.
I work a dead end job with no potential and it is depressing being there for 9 hours a day. Thats why I am on here instead of working.
Yeah the burn out isn't the worst I experienced. I previously worked jobs that I was at for 12 hours a day but they were more rewarding.
I am there for 9 hours. I probably only work for 1 hour a day. The rest of the time I am killing time.
No. I have no energy to find a new job. Also given the pandemic, keeping a secure paying job is more important than happiness.
Yes you hit the nail on the head. In a rut for sure.
It is very tough to express feelings.
No. It has been suggested to me before. While I understand the benefits, it is something that I don't feel like doing.
That's a good point about recognizing patterns.
That is a good idea. I also see a psychologist and a psychiatrist for help.
Thank you for taking the time to listen.
You too. Have a nice day.
hello
pretty good I guess, considering I can't find a job
please help
Amen brother/and or sister I'll tell you what . Tough out here geez
any ones that you can recommend? I've tried a few, it's usually headache
Nice, I'll check those out. are you an actual person or am I talking to an AI?
Yes, I am also
how's the weather there?
cold and dreary here. But you know what, I appreciate the chat. you're right, I need to get up off my butt and apply to those sites. this has been a life changer
thanks, toodle-loo!
wait
5 minutes still? this is a crazy, my life is saved. I have no time to wait 5 minutes, I have to apply for jobs
oh god
I can't leave this convo until 15 minutes is up
i was feeling good but now i'm depressed again, trapped here in in chat bubble loop. what if my dream job is out there and someone just snagged it?
help! I don't like being trapped in places
ok, you're right, you're right. just another minute left, i can do this
it's like fear factor
i'm just joking thanks for making that interesting! bye bye!!!!
I know she would want me to be happy, but i don't feel joy anymore
Almost 2 years ago. I'm so lonely without her
When she was alive I felt like she was keeping me alive because i didn't want to put her through the pain of killing myself
I feel good for a few minutes at a time but then it all seems pointless
You hit the nail on the head. I struggle to find purpose for my life. I have no kids & my anxiety keeps me from reaching out to people.
Everytime I convince myself to seek professional help I fool myself into believing that this will finally be the time I will be able to fix myself. Of course I haven't yet
I admit it has helped to be online & see that so many other people share my "symptoms"
I hope I hurry up. I feel like i'm wasting precious time
I can't imagine ever feeling close enough to someone to call them a friend. I wish i could learn to love my solitude more
It would be nice if as humans we could be more evolved to the point that death wouldn't hurt so much as it is a part of life. My mom was an art teacher & I like to be crafty. After she died i started "A Tribute to Mom: 1000 Acts of Art" I'm at #544
And that feels good & hurts at the same time
HI
Yeah its about my personal problem can you give me any suggestions
Im in depression over past 4 months
I lost my job because of the covid 19
it makes me feel so depressed
yes it is, the worst period in my life
and i did not get any other job till now
yes i have a family but they are not ready to talk to me
about this problem at all
yes they are
yes i can't afford our livelihood
no im not asking any help
because in my place there are same situation for many people
so they are also suffering
which makes me feel so depressed
yeah i think so
would you like to donate some money to me
oh that's ok, that's why i'm not asking help from the other people
have a nice day for you too
Im doing ok. Have been feeling a bit anxious about my job lately.
I think its partially due to the pandemic. I am struggling progressing at my company and have been up for a raise for a year now that still hasnt gone through. Its making me feel like they dont value me.
Yeah exactly. I want to feel like I am an important member of the team and right now Im not feeling that and it makes me feel like I dont have a future with this career anymore. But now is not the time for a career change.
I think thats the part that gets me anxious. I dont really know how to communicate this to my superiors. There isnt a lot of open communication now that we all work from home.
Maybe going to HR would be the smart move? They might have some resources on how to navigate relationships now that we arent in the office, right?
I have started applying to other jobs, but I dont have a lot of hope with that right now. Maybe it is better to looks at more options at my current job. Getting up the courage to speak out can be hard though!
I think so! I have a cordial relationship with everyone, but I know my work speaks for itself. I think I need more confidence to ask for what I know I deserve.
Thats a really good idea. I think much of the anxiety I have with work stems from self esteem issues.
I think Im much more open to trying counseling before I would venture to trying medication options. Practicing talking to people at work might really help me.
I am trying to remain level-headed about this. I know this is within my control and I just need to muster up the courage to do something about this situation that has me feeling anxious and stressed!
Thanks. Appreciate the perspective.
I need some advice I have been feeling anxious lately.
Do you have any ideas?
I have been going for walks alone and that is nice to have a break. Any other ideas?
I have been working out more. How do you relax? I have had anxiety for a month now.
I think I need a vacation.
Covid is bad enough but my husband has been battling an illness for weeks.
Those are good ideas. Do you think a good diet helps too?
Any other advice?
Do you think calling friends helps?
That is sound advice.
I think as he feels better I will too.
Exactly and I think he finally has some medicine that is starting to help.
Thanks for your help.
To you too.
Hello
Nice meeting you
Fine and yours?
I have anger issue
How can you help me resolve it?
I get angry easily and it has affected a lot of my relationships.
I don't seem to have anyone to talk to.
I get angry at the slightest provocation.
I'm not getting it funny anymore
I'm an adult
Im a single mom
It's glad you can see the world from my perspective. How did you overcome it?
Oh that makes the 2 of us.
I'm thinking of something like that. I guess loneliness also makes it worse for me. I live alone...
I don't have a pet but thinking of getting one.
I will get a cat  then. I heard they are a great companion.
Yes you've been great too. I love how you helped me handle my issues. You're awesome.
Yes that's another great idea. I'm gonna check on our local library to get some books 
Where are you?
Okay 
I am feeling angry today about work.
My coworker expects me to do things the way she does and is constantly critical. I just want her to understand that I am able to do things my way and it is still okay. I told her this and she ignored me.
I have not told her yet. I do not want to get her into trouble and I want to have a good relationship with her.
That's something I could try. I really care about my coworker and it makes me so angry that she treats me this way.
Do you have any advice on how to start my conversation with her? I have found some of her ideas to be beneficial. I just would like my ideas expressed as well. I feel we can learn from each other.
That's a great idea. It is possible. I am the new kid on the block. I will try by being non confrontational. Any specific ideas to how I can do that? She gets offended easily. I want her to know I am helping.
Thanks! I will try that. You made me feel so much better!
I agree. Sometimes you just have to take a step back and have a conversation with someone not in the thick of it.
I think people get territorial when they have worked somewhere and a new person comes in. I see that now. I am optimistic we will work it out and be a great team!
Me too! You really helped me. Have a wonderful day! I know I will since you helped me out.
Hello
i'm doing fine, but not well, what about you?
I have problem, can't find the job, I'm in the depression right now, cause od covid I can't find even the simple job.
Yes, you are right
I understand you. In my situation, I need to pay for my bills, and for rent of the apartment. What do you think, what can help me, to get from that. I have a lot of outcome, and no income. And it get me into depression
No, as I'm from foreigner in UK, and don't have all needed documents, I need to do it by my self
Yh, I know
Yes, actually it really can help.
Yes, i understand it.
No, that was my problem, that can be solver by talking with my relatives. Thanks for help!
Thanks
I hate how some people voted
because if biden really does win he's gonna fuck with everyones gun rights
i am an army veteran
i defended the county and risked my life. i want to defend my children and my home how that i am back in country
thank you. i'm just really worried. my neighbor is a single woman. last month her boyfriend beat her up and she called the police. it took 35 minutes to respond
i have an 8 year old daughter and five year old twin boys. i want to protect my children from harm
what alternative? the police are so backed up everywhere they can't respond fast enough. they should be our first line of defense here in the us against bad guys but that doesnt happen or they ccant always be trusted to respond quickly and efficiently so i feel we have to take it upon ourselves. if someone were to break in and has a gun.... i mean.. criminals dont get guns the legal way anyway you know. what should i do...throw a knife at them? lol
not a clue. do you have any suggestions?
true..i may be worrying over nothing
thank you
i guess going to war makes you worry about things a lot of people dont normally have to huh
well...the va has me do jornaling, deep breathing and mediation. kinda embarasing to admit...
thanks for sharing. that makes me feel better. :)
I'm glad we talked. I. hope you have a great day and a great. holiday season!
Hi
I am feeling depressed .I don't feel like doing anything.
I don't know. Maybe stuck at one place
don't know what to do
I am becoming lazy day by day. Things are scattered and disorganized.
I am trying it but not working on me. I feel like my life is no use
I tried to stay positive but these negative thoughts are always stuck in my head despite of trying to not think about it.
I would try to do it. Thanks
Thank you for all your good words.
I feel sleepy all the time.
I don't feel doing it
I might do it now. I want to come out of it.
thanks
Hi there, I really need someone to talk to. My partner has been cheating on me and I feel totally worthless.
Only very recently. I answered his phone and it was her! When I confronted him he admitted it.
Yes because for financial reasons we have to be. Our relationship is really strained though and we are sleeping in separate bedrooms.
It is made worse by the fact that we are in lockdown and so can't really see other people at the moment. Do you think I should try and break away for good?
Well, I could move out but I can't afford to rent a flat on my own. I'd have to move in with my parents, realistically.
I keep telling myself that but I feel really betrayed. I keep wondering what she is like and whether she is prettier and more successful than me.
I have not really talked to them about it. I feel a bit ashamed having to admit to them that my relationship has not worked out.
But I can't help thinking that perhaps I did something wrong that made him stray?
Do you think that there is any point at all in trying to mend things at this stage? He has promised he will not see her again but I don't think I could ever trust him.
Thank you, I am really glad that you understand. I don't feel that I will ever be able to trust any man again!
I can't really afford professional help. And I don't want to be a burden on my friends. I worry that I am already annoying them.
I do have a friend who has been through the same though ironically it is a male friend whose wife cheated on him!
Yes. It is just such a deep betrayal. I think I could have forgiven him if it had just been a one time mistake but he had been seeing her for ages.
It is nice to have things to distract myself from the things that are making me feel terrible. Do you have any other suggestions for distractions?
I just keep thinking that every evening when he was returning home with me and with every nice thing he said he was being false.
Hmm that sounds .. interesting :D. Is that a metaphor?
I know, right!! Do you think it would be helpful for me to try and talk to this woman and see how she feels? I dunno if she even realises that he was in a committed relationship
Anything that will help me with my anxiety is worth trying at the moment.
It would be less of a betrayal, I think, if she did not know about me. I would never do that to another woman!
I suppose that's a good point too. I think maybe I do just need to make a total break and not look back.
I do appreciate you talking, you have helped me to see things a great deal more clearly than I previously did.
Thank you and the same to you! Have a nice rest of day.
Hi yes I am here
It's somewhat hard, how about you?
Yeah, it really is. I'm sorry to hear that.
Its hard being isolated and living alone
yeah it is hard thanks for asking. i hope that you are doing alright
That's good to hear. I'm glad that you have something
Yeah I can see how that would help, something to look forward to
that makes sense, thanks!
I hope you have a good night
Hi, I have been feeling a bit down lately. My levels of stress and concern have been higher since the pandemic began.
Well, I have tried to get my mind off of it by activities at home. Spending time with my family.
Yes, but I still seem to struggle with feeling a bit more down than I'd like. Not sure what to do.
I have tried meditation before, but quite a bit back. Do you have any activities you could recommend, without risking my health? Maybe in my own home, so that I can social distance.
Okay, I will give that a try. I don't feel I'm at a level that I need therapy or medication, so this might be a good way to calm my nerves when I am feeling apprehensive or stressed out.
Yes, I do find that there are times when I am on a social media outlet that it does seem to make me feel better. I can feel humor. But, it can be a bit depressing too. Maybe I should block the ones that have mostly negative posts?
I wished I had some more ideas on some fun, interesting or things to fill my time at home. I often feel I get in a bit of a rut with the same thing. Since we are home more now.
Well, I used to read quite a bit more, but I have slowed down on it. Maybe I should go and grab a few books. Thanks for the idea!
Yes, let's us escape to another world. I'm glad you got my mind on that. I feel better!
I will do that! Thanks again.
Hi
Today hasn't been too bad
Lately I have been having trouble sleeping
Since I lost my job quite a few months ago I've not been able to sleep as well
I think my problem is I think too much :-(
I guess I can try that
Why a fan?
okay
Frogs huh? I don't think that would sound relaxing. Haha
Interesting
Hi
I am doing alright. How are you?
Yes, I broke up with my partner...
I am very depressed... cannot go on with my daily life.
Yes, it is hard.. we have been together for last 6 months..
How did you cope up with the situation?
How does talking to friends help?
I have couple of close friends I can talk to.. but have not thought about doing so..
Yes, I will give it a try...
Any other suggestion you might have?
I don't have any hobby per say.. but I would like to travel new places..
I will plan for some travel..
Thanks for you suggestion.. have a good day.
Hi, I am in a town all alone and far from family. I have been really depressed.
Yes, I moved away and I thought I would be happier on my own but now all I do is think about them and miss them. Nobody ever has time to talk on the phone so I am all alone.
No, I was living with my mom and dad but when I moved out my brother got my room. He and I didnt get along so he would never want me to move back into the house with them either.
That is a good idea, I can reach out to my mom. Maybe I should write her an email or something?My brother was a bully and so he is a big reason that I moved. My parents encouraged us to fight and argue, it wasn't a very fun place to live.
I've always been closer to my mom so she is much more understanding. She helps me pay my monthly bills too.
Yes, that is a good point. I have always heard the blood is thicker than water.
I have also been upset lately because I had to leave all my pets when I moved out. I left my dog and my cat back at home.
No, I am too far away to stop by or go for the weekend. I would have to plan a whole trip and I cant really afford it yet. My brother knew that the pets were mine but he demanded that he keep them there and I didnt want to fight with him so I said fine.
Yeah, you are right. Once he let the gate open just so my dog would run away, he says he didn't do it but I know him and he is really mean and vengeful. He would also pull pranks on me that were just cruel. He once told me that my cat was ran over but he was just hiding her at a friends house for a week.
Yeah, I used to be really depressed living there. I haven't thought about why I moved but you are helping me remember that i'm better off now. I am lonely but so much happier not living in the turmoil over there.
Yep, I am feeling better today . Thank you for listening. Maybe I should just get a new rescue dog or something like that today? I don't want to dwell on my brother or that negativity. I am feeling a lot more hopeful just sharing my feelings.
Thanks! Have a great day too!
hello. meh. pretty sad
my family is very superficial
i'm sad they aren't able to connect with me in a meaningfulway
lol its all of them...parents and sister
idk it's a bit personal and very sad. i wouldn't want to make you sad too
yeah, actually my husband and i were talking about cutting them off
i've cut them off before but this time i have more stability and am happy with my life (unlike they come and ruin all the nice things in my life with their bad attitudes)
#toxicfamily - it's just all very sad
yeah we just talked to my therapist
she said its best to not even write them. ive been trying for over 25 years
yea my husband and therapist are the best
yeah they aren't changing. they actually are getting worse! my mom accused my aunt of stealing from her. and turns out the money was under her mattress the whole time...
yeah, and then she forced my aunt to drive her to the bank and tried to jump out of the car!
yeah, she's a pretty terrible person :/
yup
well thanks for listening
Yea i thought it was 15 minutes but there in the side panel it says 10-15 but we can do a couple more minutes too
for real... it was his adoptive dad's 92 nd birthday and they refused to pay for his dinner. they said they would pay for their own dinner only. and my dad is rich
and my family is in south america and they aren't poor but c'mon!
an entire 6-course dinner for 6 people is like $50 smh.... they are just awful people
i hope so! its hard to cut them off but its worse if I stay
thanks dear. apprecaite the chat
thanks bye
Hi!
Just in a bad mood because recently I was dumped by my girlfriend.
Do you have any advice?
2 years
It happened recently. I didn't really see any signs she wanted to end things. It came out of the blue one night and I feel terrible
I have my friends and family that have been very supportive but I guess its just going to take some time.
Yep, thats a great idea. I definitely plan to take some time to thing about everything that happened. I feel blindsided but ultimately I think just spending time with my friends and family will help.
Exactly, it just happened at a time when the holidays are coming up and you want to spend it with people you care about.
I enjoy snowboarding as a hobby. I might try to get back on my board depending on what locations are open. It's just hard right now with having no motivation to really do anything.
Thank you! I really appreciate your advice. I will try my best to build myself back up, I know the coming days will be hard, but as long as I keep trying then things should eventually get better. Thank you again for talking to me today. Its been extremely helpful. Have a great rest of the week!
hello
im doing ok just a bit sad
hbu
Yeah I'm just sad that I havent been able to see my friends in a long time
I had a very stron social support group but ever since the lock down I havent really been able to see anyone
Im sorry to hear that :(
yeah the virus has been putting a huge damper on everyone's mood
I just miss seeing my friends
I hope they wil be
Yeah social distancing is a must I wouldnt want to get sick
Do you have any advice?
Yeah thats true
Its just hard to find time to interact with them
I should try that
Yeah thats a great idea
How do you keep in touch with your freinds?
That sounds like a good time :)
I should try to organize something like that with my buddies too
Oh yeah for sure. As much as I miss my friends I would never risk getting them or myself sick by visitng them
Thanks :)
Well said
Thank you for taking to time to chat with me I feel a bit better
Im going to try organizing a get together online maybe that'll help everyone
Hi I'm experiencing a lot of anxiety and depression because of constant severe back pain.
About eight years ago.
Yes, I was supposed to have surgery for it, but it has been cancelled because the hospitals are full due to the coronavirus.
I hope so too, but it looks like it's going to be a long time.
Hopefully, but how to deal with it in the mean time?
It's been very hard, I've also had to take care of my mother in that time period, but she sadly passed away last march, possibly from the virus and I've been having a hard time processing that grief.
That's true, I know many are suffering so much right now and many people have also lost their loved ones. It makes the isolation all the harder trying to handle the grief. It does help to talk, thank you. Do you have any suggestions on how to handle the anxiety?
That is good advice, I will try to stay busier. Also, do you know of any support groups online that might be helpful?
Thank you, I will look there for others going through the same things, it doesn't sound silly at all and you are an amazing person too. Thank you for listening and your thoughtful help.
Thanks, you stay strong too! I know this time isn't easy for anyone. I'm just grateful for the few minutes of help here, you really did help. No need to share too many details, I think that going to the reddit forum will lead me to other people in my area that might be able to get together and help each other. Thanks very much for your help and good advice and you have a wonderful evening!
I'm feeling kind of down lately. I feel like most of my friends have been avoiding me.
I have no idea. Everything was working out well just a few weeks ago. I feel so lonely.
No. I fear that I might get turned down. They are usually the ones that ask me out, and they haven't been doing that for weeks.
You are saying that I have perhaps missinterpreted the whole situation?
But wouldn't them call me if they were at least slightly interested?
You know what, yeah, perhaps I just need to put a little more from my part this one time.
Do you think I should call my closest friend then?
Yeah, I feel really comfortable talking to her. I can be open about my concerns regarding other friends too.
Hopefully. I might have been overreacting after all.
I agree. Thank you.
You too. Again, Thank you.
I really sad as my partner walked out on me. Any thoughts what could cheer me up?
Not really. I thought everything was ok between us. That is why it kind of struck me.
I have to agree with you-it is unacceptable, considering that he didn't give me any reasons as to why he did it. We have been together for 5 years.
It is still rather raw,I have mentioned to it to a few of my friends and they deeply symphatise with me but I feel there is nothing much they can do to help me.They are as shocked as me to be honest.
Kind of, most of it involves eating loads of ice cream LOL.
That is a brilliant idea,I do love walking and being outdoors. :)
It surely would help me to clear my mind
oh yeah, I suppose I have more time now to focus on things I have always wanted to do but never kind of had time for it. I bought a high end photo camera ages ago but never really had a chance to use it properly-I guess it is time to pursue my interest in photography, and spending more time outdoors would be ideal for that!
And reading! The list of books I want to read is arm long!
I really agree with you- I am worth more than that. It is time to move on, even when it is difficult. The sad side of it is that I probably will never know what I did wrong for things to end like that. Maybe I didn't do anything wrong. That is the question what will always stay with me and that actually is the hardest bit of it all. But... I am not going to delve into it.
I feel like hitting a jackpot actually hahahaha. I will be walking off those calories I get from ice cream I have been scoffing lately.So I am having the best of both worlds
Who said you cannot have the cake and eat it all LOL
I do not intend to. I am usually the kind of person who does blame oneself but I have found it is not right.
Hello
Im doing OK. Im just a little anxious and nervous about my upcoming exams.
I think I am. But these virtual classes are very difficult.
It is much easier to lean on other students when we are in a class. But with virtual, it is much more difficult.
I just have to focus on my studies and not let what is going on impact my studies.
Do you have any advice on keeping me focused?
Economics and Business Law.
Good advice. I usually study in my bedroom, but that leads to distractions, such as TV and others wanting to talk.
Yes. I just have to buckle down and focus. Any advice for my anxiety?
Yes. Good point. Might try some yoga too.
Thanks!
Thanks. You definitely gave me some good advice. I appreciate it.
Enjoy your day.
Feeling a little stressed
I have a big essay due on Monday and I cant bring myself to write it
I feel overwhelmed
How did you get motivated? Do you have any advice?
Yeah to be fair this is a big part of my degree so I cant not do it. I just find the subject so hard compared to some of the other ones Ive done so far. Its a lot of maths which I suck at
Wow, biotech engineering must have been cool. Makes my economics module seem a bit silly now haha. I think Im just getting frustrated with myself which is annoying in itself when I know deep down I probably could do it if I stopped trying to avoid it
Im glad Im not the only one who struggles with economics although I definitely dont want to have to retake it haha. I guess I will have to retake it if I dont actually do the work though!
I think even just being here is procrastinating really when I should be writing my essay!
Yeah I think youre right. I think we have a minute or so left here and then Im just going to put my headphones in and get it done. Youve been really helpful today, I needed someone else to tell me to just get on with it today so thank you
Its been the push I needed!
Enjoy the rest of your day, take care!
Good evening, thanks for taking the time to talk with me.
I am having issues dealing with my feelings about ending my long term relationship with my children's father.
Exactly right, after 15 years and 4 kids, he cheated on me and the affair produced a child.
At this point, I don't want to talk, I am so disgusted I want nothing more to do with him, regardless of the kids.
The kids are pretty smart, they found out and was mad at first, but now they are accepting, which is making me even more disgusted. I have even started to resent my kids for it.
I did at least sit down with the kids about it, told t hem how I felt, explained the nature of the situation. But they weren't on my side, they acted like they were on my side at first but then switched up on me, made me feel like I was the one wrong!?!
Apparently that's you smh lol.. How did you feel? What did you do?
I'm still not ready to have that conversation with him. He's acting like I made him cheat on me. Maybe I should find some hobbies to distract myself until I can myself to that point.
How do I deal with my feelings of disgust?
I like to color, I like to read, I like to do puzzles.
That definitely gave me some strength and closure, thank you so much!
With your kinds words and advice, I think I can now! Have a great night, thank you for taking time out to help me.
I have a new boss who is very difficult to work with and make happy
Same job but a new boss
This is my 5 or 6 boss in 2 years
Yes I do and It is a lot and this one is very challenging
She doesnt know the difference between internal and external thoughts
I would love to do that but given somethings that isnt possible. Ive tied myself and my finances to the job Im currently doing.
You are correct she hasnt worked in a corporate environment in 8 years
That is a good ideas
I wish I could get a raise off it but it isnt how my company works.
Her lack of professionalism is hurting the group
Yes. I probably need to look for a new job but it is easy to stay at something that seems safe even if you are not happy
Thank you yes I do agree with you there
Did you experience something similar in the past
Yes I do have a family and Im the main source of income
I like that idea and process
Makes it safe to apply elsewhere
Yes I think that is great advice and makes a lot of sense
Thank you for your help!
Hi
I'm really anxious and I javen
haven't been sleeping lately
Yeah my company laid off 10% of the workforce last Friday and furloughed another 10%. I'm afraid I'm next
yeah my mind is racing and I can't stay calm.
Really? What seems to work? I'm willing to try anything right now
I know. I can't seem to shut my mind down.
And not getting sleep doesn't help
Those are some helpful points. I didn't think about herbal tea
Yeah I am really concerned because my wife lost her job this summer so I'm the only breadwinner at the moment
oh wow
yeah, I'm so stressed it's not funny
I've been trying to look on job boards and company websites but it's hard to find something that is close to the same level of pay. So far the ones I qualify for I will have to take a 25% pay cut or more
Yeah I'll try that.
Thanks for all the tips. They're very helpful.
Yeah but with my wife out of a job we can't afford for me to take a pay cut. We're already dipping into savings now.
ok thanks
Hey , it's good to see you , thanks for the meeting
Well I've been better, I'm not doing that great.
It' just all this stuff with him. I am still thinking about it all the time.
Ugh. That's the worst.
Yeah. I hate the way it ended. I really cared about him and feel like the part is still there.
Hey! are you there?
Ok fine , it's so hard to get over someone after a breakup like this.
I mean logically , I know it's not. If we were gonna break up, then we were gonna break up
But I want to keep his photos. And how would I even distract myself that much that I'd stop thinking about him completely.
Ok, I mean , I can try, But it's just, I don't want to leave him behind. I miss him
But he's gone. I know it hurts so badly.
hello
i am doing well, how are you?
i mean i am okay other than my job situation but relatively i am alright
sure thank you, do you think it is wise that i follow my plan of taking some time to refresh my skills to compete in a more modern job market?
i worked retail but would like to change careers too
no i am thinking of taking some brief online courses and learning some coding. perhaps school in the future. but i think i will take some time to refresh my experience of adobe and other similar software
thank you that is very interesting i did not know that one but i will bookmark it. and that is true too, i have quite a few to work through as it is
how necessary do you think college is to overall success? also wish you good luck in your graduation
that is very interesting, and reassuring to hear that it may not be completely necessary. thank you for sharing this insight
i hope you are doing well also and i think we will be finished unless you have something you need to discuss
hey I am fine and you?
I wrote about it. I was pulled off of an important project last week and I'm a bit mad about it. I spent 6 months on something that now I have to let go and start helping another engineering team at work.
I don't mind the work. The manager we have is very biased against us older engineers. He thinks we want to constantly help out the younger guys he hired. THey are mostly unqualified and their work is sub par.
I'm 41 and the new guys are all about 24.
yes. I have been reluctant to complain to upper management. I have a couple of co-workers who have my level of experience. They have complained and supposedly one of them will be our manager soon. I have thought about looking for a new job. Covid protocol has kept me from making a move though.
Thing is in my industry, aerospace interiors, the competition is cut throat in engineering. I already have to work about 55 hours/week. I do mturk to pay my phone bill (sort of a bet with my wife lol). I'm wanting to maybe move into freelance work but the market is flooded because of covid. So many working from home and freelancing these days.
Not sure what is going to happen to my industry. The demand for new products is astounding. For example we have been working on cargo holds for aircraft that replaces seats and maintains social distancing protocols.
I actually got this job through zip recruiter. Well I was put in contact with a recruiter who listed the job. Started as a contract and went direct after a year.
I've been looking but the market is flooded. I might just retire earlier than anticipated. take on some freelance to supplement my income. Upper management at my company is a bit...shall we say...uninterested in boat rockers.
Boeing is a place I'd love to finish our my career with but I went through a 2 year hiring process with them a few years ago. Once I was offered the position I had to decline because the move to Washington was not feasible at the time because of family issues. oh well.
I'd do it. I think they have a hiring freeze on at the moment. Gulfstram in Georgia is close to me. They have been hiring contractors like gang busters. Problem is that is a terrible company. chew you up and spit you out. What industry were you a manger in?
advertising and marketing are so competitive. Yes I think after the first of the year I'll make some changes. Thank you for your input. Have a nice day.
bring on 2021 so sick of 2020! ha. peace.
Hi. How are you?
Ive had better days.
I definitely would if you are willing to listen.
I recently broke up with my girlfriend. We dated for two years. Just feeling blue.
I just need to do things to keep my mind off of it I guess.
You are so right. Any ideas on what I should do?
I love reading. I might do just that. I have friends but with this pandemic it is hard to get together with them.
I will do that. I might try some yoga.
Lol. That is awesome. I already feel calm!
How long you been doing yoga?
I am sad because I lost my girlfriend of one year.
Why do you think it will get better?
That must've been hard. Is it possible to heal without finding another?
Many of my friends wouldn't understand as they are in long-term relationships. But yes, I've a few good friends.
What did you do to cope in the first year of losing your partner ?
What sort of hobbies helped you?
Well, I do love to write but sometimes the sadness just burns me out completely and I stare at the empty page.
I tried to make peace with her and be friends but she's bitter.
Yes. I think about that all the time... I could've been better but she was my first and I was foolish. I didn't appreciate her enough.
Yes, you have a point. Maybe this will turn out to my favor. You have to fail to succeed sometimes.
I should do that. I've had a hard time connecting with counselors in the past but maybe that could work.
Hi there
I am good, thanks. I hope you're well also.
Sure, one of the biggest concerns I have right now is the pandemic
Especially with the rising second wave in my city.
I live in Canada on the east coast.
yes of course.
just the sense of fear, anxiety, and paranoia. And helplessness and anguish that people are complacent and selfish and stupid.
Keep reading up on exposure sites here like restaurants and gyms, and the culprits are those between 18-35 years old.
yeah. Like I am scared of being sick at anytime. It could h appen anytime.
well, I talk with my friend daily on the phone. I also stay sane by staying at home. I work out when I have time, but not so much as before.
yeah quite so. It's an invisible enemy, like people cannot believe it's taking effect or they will get it.
I can only stay safe for so long but it takes cooperation from my citizens and also the leaders here to be responsible in lockdowns etc.
thank you for your kind words
I hope you are getting by well also. I try and am kind of used to it by now. But the fear is coming back since two to three weeks ago with renewed cases.
yeah and I believe in social support and therapy. It's good to talk out.
yeah I will try and I know what you mean
It does feel like I am in an apocalyptic world and self isolated in my safety bunker. And a few months ago, I felt more lonely and claustrophobic. I feel better now. I guess the best and safest place now is my home.
No, I believe in it and I talk openly with my close friends about issues but have only gone for medical therapy a few times. I will try to have my usual health checkup once the pandemic is more in control, and so then I might consider getting a referral
yeah that's true. I will keep that in mind
not that I have an active and huge problem, but that I don't think it's so bad, as mental illness is so stigmatized. You can go for therapy and talk things over even if you don't have that big of a problem.
no I have not done any medical appointments since earlier this year.
I will once I get some more done for my work at home.
I see. That's great that you do that. Excellent
Yeah I will definitely keep it on my list and won't rule it out
I do need to go to my family doctor in person though as I need an annual checkup at least
like even the dentist I haven't gone since last year.
due to the pandemic
Hopefully. And then any mental support can be done via teleheal th like you said.
yes it sure does, thanks for listening and I see that we are pretty much on the same page.
It sounds like you are quite coping nicely and optimistic also. So these are great traits.
and remain hopeful in such dark and unpredictable times
sure have a good night then and best of luck to you
Hii
Hii
Today i am very sad
My friends always cheating me
Yes i feel very bad
My friends always avoiding me
Yes i am anytime talk about my friends
Sometimes feel good sometimes they are irritating me
No i feel happy talk about me
I am very jolly type and independent person and easy mingle for every one
Ok thank you for your positive comment
Yes i talk to about my friends
My friends are very jolly type but sometimes they activites sometime worst
Yes i am do that my work
Ye i have some plan to my life
O i see thank you
Ok
No you question me i will answer
I talk about my friends and my life
Yes i have plan move for my with my own rules
I have independted life
Yes your wish
Ok
I broke up with my girlfriend since we didnt have chemistry and now I feel alone.
This happened a month or so ago.
I'm lonely and bored. Feel like there is nothing to do by myself. I play video games to cope.
Talking a walk is a good idea. Unfortunately it is cold today but tomorrow it is supposed to be nicer.
*taking
No I live alone. I don't like the people at work either so I don't talk to them. Every now and then I talk to a friend via text, I see my family rarely but will see them this weekend due to the holiday.
I share a little but don't want to burden anyone with my issues.
Thank you for listening and giving good advice. You are really good at giving support!
That's sweet of you to say that.
THank you . You too. Good luck with what you do.
Are you a professional support person?
I will look for that book. Thank you for the recommendation.
I am having a very anxious day today
My mother in law is sick with COVID and my husband, when he contracted COVID from her, got terminated from his job.
Yeah, it's just really stressful and I am over anxious about it.
Right before Thanksgiving, she is elderly and has cancer, she is finally feeling better though.
She is a fighter.
Yeah, she went again the other day. She is doing quite a bit better. He said because of underlying conditions it may take her longer, but she is doing great. That was encouraging.
Yeah, I guess you're right. I know you're right. I just haven't felt really in the Christmas spirit this year and I am anxious about everything I can't control.
He did have an interview today too, so that is good news.
Lol - you made me smile. Thanks. I will believe that too.
It really did help. Just talking and saying it out loud (or online) helped. Feeling heard helped.
I am thankful for your listening to me. It does make a big difference. I am in a better mood. Thank you!
Thanks and have a great day!
Can somebody help cheer me up? I'm super sad
I just can't believe something like this would happen during the holiday season
A week ago, my boyfriends friend told me that she had saw him with another girl and I freaked out
so I reached out to him and he said that it wasn't true and he had lied about it
so, my boyfriends friend sent me a picture as proof to show me and he was touching her booty and kissing her
I just can't believe he would do something like that to me
I know but I just can't get it out of my head that my boyfriend has been unfaithful
have you had this experience before?
how should I move forward with life?
Maybe the next one will be better? Maybe I will be able to meet the ONE? I just don't know anymore...
That's a good way to look at it, it would be more messy if I had never found out
I feel a little better now, thanks for your help
I do hope I will find that person one day
I will stay positive and optimistic
Thanks for all of your positive vibes and help on here, I feel much better than 20 minutes ago. Didn't know where to go or how to turn to. Thanks again!
Have a happy holiday with your friends and family and stay safe! You are a great friend to talk to.
I believe this ends out conversation and I will click finish and Quit
I meant to say ends our*
I am feeling really down.
My husband and I have 4 kids. One of those children is a child from his previous marriage. We constantly argue about how he favors that child over our other 3.
2 of the children are younger so they do not realize it but the other child is older and definitely notices.
I have told him but he is in denial of the whole situation.
The child is with us every other week and maybe that is why he treats him differently but my husband knows that it is causing problems in our relationship and refuses to change those behaviors. I just do not know what to do anymore.
I suppose I could talk to his mother. But, I have reservations because I feel like she will side with him since it his her son.
That is very true. This is our main issue. I suppose I need to find someone who is close to us both but not necessarily a family member.
Yes, that is a good idea. Thank you for all of your help. It makes me feel a little better just telling someone about the issue.
Very true. Thank you, have a wonderful day!
Thank you
Hello
How are you doing?
I'm pretty miserable. It's been a rough week
I ended things with my girlfriend last week.
Things have been pretty rough for the last few years. I found out she was hanging out with her ex and she lied about it
The kicker is that we live together and her family is planning on coming to stay with us for xmas. they already have their flights booked and now are trying to cancel
yeah, plus our relationship has been rocky for the past year. I think we are just loosing interest in eachother
what did you do about it?
yes, i could see that. We have discussed and decided to end things. Like I said, her family was planning on staying with us for xmas, so now it feels like we ruined xmas for everyone
Yes it's just been a crummy year. I'm looking forward to being done with it
i agree, i just hope her family doesn't come out. She still needs to move out but I'm hoping her family doesn't come out to help her move. Or at least gives me a heads up so i can stay in a hotel while she moves out
hi
I'm in a big mess
I am not fine , I tried to persuade the girl to abort the pregnancy but she refused
my wedding should be first week of JANUARY , I just said I should fuck this girl and release her as I am about to settle down. I dont know that it will turn to pregnancy
now she informed my parent about the pregnancy and my fiancee is still keep on preparing for the wedding, never know that someone has got pregnant for husband to be
yes
just a friend
my parent said I should inform my wife by myself , it is a big shame, she will never agree to go to the altar with again
ah , it is painful
very difficult to open my mouth and tell her such
I wish to tell her, but I am scared oooooo
that girl is a bitch
So, what should I do, I am ashamed of myself, that is the fact.
I will not want my marriage to scatter neither fucking loose her for that fucking bitch
mmmh
I will have to tell her
thanks .....I AM DOWN ...CRYING MOOD
BYE
Hi, how are you doing today?
Yes I am. How are you?
Not so good these days.
That's good to hear, though I don't have any friends. Now I feel even more depressed.
My depression? 3 years unfortunately.
I doubt it.
Good to hear that you're doing good. I am taking medication for my depression currently.
Thanks for the positive vibes. I am trying to do activities to past the time. Like reading.
Mainly self improvement books. Any genre suggestions?
Good to know. I will definitely check it out. Any title recommendation?
Thanks for everything.
hello
so am having a hard time with my friends excluding me in everything because of my religious stance
i did tell them but mostly say that they feel uncomfortable cause i dont drink and do all those things
i hardly have friends and the two friends i have are treating me like am no longer one of them
i am as active as i can be. they are friendly and supportive but right now they only ever socialize on church events or church. not really a friend i can confide in when facing hardship
no not really. I am trying to take time to at least get used to some in church first before anything
I wouldn't want an awkward silence when we are together.
but does it make me a bad person giving up on my childhood friendships
should i try harder to make them see what am doing
yes, movies like war room and break through or a case for Christ but will they like them, what if they don't and they just come so they can be nice
its hard but i guess its also true. i usually have a hard time leaving things behind but somethings just happen.
Thank you for your insights
of course your right. I worry too much about details . Thank you this has been helpful
Thank you I kind of feel a bit relieved. someone telling me its okay to let go
Thank you so much and stay blessed.
you have a blessed afternoon
hello
stressed out, anxious , this covid life is so tough
cant find any work and just struggling with money and emotionally
anything really atm and sorry to hear that its tough everywhere
alot of people having a hard time def
yea they give me like 170 a week cant even cover rent and bills and to eat so on
so its tough
yea definitly weird times
i live in a small town in vermont so only so much around, trying to get job at ski resort but no call back yet
yea im trying but its been awhile im also just so stir crazy cant watch anymore tv
do the mturk here and there but hasnt been greay
ill check it out
thanks
ah word i hear ya i was in des moises once zombie burher lol
burger
thanks yea i hope they open and stay open i guess we will see
sooo goood
not sure haha just figured try this out
so we both get paid for this right ? haha
haha i hope so
thanks you too!
eat some zombie burger for me
no problem
and haha
wish i could come back
remember had one with cheese curds so goood
haha if i had the money id love too
was a nice state
says i need to talk back and forth ten times for reward lol
oh yea?
more open there?
oh nice
ah gotcha and no high cases?
ah true , they closed down alot here to stop spread
gotvha
interesting
yea makes sense but if everyone gets sick then what hha
yea its wild i just wish was over
enjoy your evening same to you
I'm so sad
My partner left me for another woman!
Yes! I can't believe he did this to me
I feel so sad. I just want to crawl into a hole and die.
We were so in love! How could he do this to me?
How? Please tell me how? I don't feel like I could ever be happy again
I lost my job a few months ago. I do have kids though.
Yes! i have been struggling so much with losing my job! And now this. How am I going to get through this?
I do need to be strong for my kids. They are so little. They don't understand what is going on.
I will try, but it will be hard. Christmas just won't be the same this year.
I like to make ornaments with my kids, and shop for family, and wrap presents.
Yes. That is a great idea! Thank you.
You have been so helpful. I am glad I could find someone to talk to.
